The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on The King and Queen of Hearts throne when The King and Queen of Hearts
arrived, with a great crowd          , as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
standing before The King and Queen of Hearts, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
the Knave; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the
court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon a table: they looked so
good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them—"I wish they’d
get the trial done," Alice thought, "and hand round the refreshments!"
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so Alice began looking at
everything about Alice, to pass away the time.

Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but Alice had read
about them in books, and Alice was quite pleased to find that Alice knew
the name of nearly everything there. "That’s the judge," Alice said to
Alice, "because of the judge great wig."

the judge , by the way, was the King; and as the judge wore the judge crown over his great wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how the judge did wore,) the judge
did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.

"And that’s the jury-box," thought Alice, "and those twelve creatures,"
(Alice was obliged to say "creatures," you see, because some of those twelve creatures were
animals, and some were birds,) "Alice suppose those twelve creatures are the jurors." Alice
said this last word two or three times over to Alice, being rather
proud of this last word: for Alice thought, and rightly too, that very few little
girls of Alice age knew the meaning of this last word at all. However, "jury-men"
would have done just as well.a great crowd   were all writing very busily on slates. "What are
a great crowd doing?" Alice whispered to the Gryphon. "a great crowd can’t have anything
to put down yet, before the trial ’s begun."

"a great crowd’re putting down a great crowd names," the Gryphon  whispered in reply,
"for fear a great crowd should forget their names before the end of the trial ."

"Stupid things!" Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but Alice
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, "Silence in the
court!" and the King  put on the King spectacles and looked anxiously round,
to make out who was talking.

Alice could see, as well as if Alice were looking over a great crowd shoulders,
that a great crowd   were writing down "stupid things!" on slates ,
and Alice could even make out that one of a great crowd didn’t know how to spell
"stupid," and that one of them had to ask one of them neighbour to tell one of them. "A nice
muddle a great crowd slates’ll be in before the trial ’s over!" thought Alice.

One of a great crowd  had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
could not stand, and Alice went round the
court  and got behind 

One of the jurors, and
very soon found an opportunity of taking a pencil that squeaked away. Alice did it so quickly
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard        ) could not make out
at all what had become of a pencil that squeaked; so, after hunting all about for a pencil that squeaked, the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard
was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this
was of very little use, as this left no mark on the slate.

"Herald, read the accusation!" said the King .

On the accusation the Knave   blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:—

"The Queen of Hearts, The Queen of Hearts made some tarts,
    All on a summer day:
The Knave of Hearts, The Knave of Hearts stole some tarts ,
    And took some tarts quite away!"


"Consider a great crowd verdict," the King  said to a great crowd .

"Not yet, not yet!" the Knave  hastily interrupted. "There’s a great
deal to come before a great
deal to come before that!"

"Call the first witness," said the King ; and the Knave   blew
three blasts on the trumpet , and called out, "the first witness !"

the first witness   was the Hatter. the Hatter came in with a teacup in one hand
and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. "the Hatter beg pardon, your
Majesty," the Hatter began, "for bringing a teacup in: but the Hatter hadn’t quite finished
the Hatter tea when the Hatter was sent for."

"the Hatter ought to have finished," said the King . "When did the Hatter begin?"

the Hatter  looked at the March Hare, who had followed the Hatter into the
court, arm-in-arm with his great wig . "Fourteenth of March, the Hatter think it
was," the Hatter said.

"Fifteenth," said the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse  .

"Sixteenth," added his great wig .

"Write Sixteenth down," the King  said to a great crowd , and a great crowd  eagerly
wrote down all three dates on a great crowd slates, and then added all three dates up, and
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.

"Take off 

One of the jurors hat," the King  said to 

One of the jurors .

"your hat isn’t 

One of the jurors," said 

One of the jurors .

"Stolen!" the King  exclaimed, turning to a great crowd , who instantly made
a memorandum of the fact.

"

One of the jurors keep them to sell," 

One of the jurors  added as an explanation; "

One of the jurors’ve none
of 

One of the jurors own. 

One of the jurors’m a hatter."

Here the Queen put on the Queen spectacles, and began staring at 

One of the jurors     .

"Give 

One of the jurors evidence," said the King ; "and don’t be nervous, or the King’ll
have 

One of the jurors executed on the spot."

This did not seem to encourage 

One of the jurors  at all: 

One of the jurors kept shifting
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen , and in 

One of the jurors
confusion 

One of the jurors bit a large piece out of 

One of the jurors teacup instead of the
bread-and-butter.

Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
Alice a good deal until Alice made out what a very curious sensation was: Alice was beginning to
grow larger again, and Alice thought at first Alice would get up and leave
the
court ; but on second thoughts Alice decided to remain where Alice was
as long as there was room for Alice.

"I wish Alice wouldn’t squeeze so." said I      . "I can hardly breathe."

"Alice can’t help it," said Alice very meekly: "Alice’m growing."

"Alice’ve no right to grow here," said I .

"Don’t talk nonsense," said Alice more boldly: "Alice know Alice’re growing
too."

"Yes, but Alice grow at a reasonable pace," said I : "not in
that ridiculous fashion." And I got up very sulkily and crossed over
to the other side of the
court .

All this time the Queen  had never left off staring at the Knave , and,
just as I  crossed the
court , I said to one of the officers
of the
court , "Bring I the list of the singers in the last concert!"
on which the Knave   trembled so, that the Knave shook both the Knave shoes
off.

"Give the Knave evidence," the King  repeated angrily, "or the King’ll have the Knave
executed, whether the Knave’re nervous or not."

"the Knave’m a poor man, the King ," the Knave  began, in a trembling voice,
"—and the Knave hadn’t begun the Knave tea—not above a week or so—and what with the
bread-and-butter getting so thin—and the twinkling of the tea—"

"the twinkling of the tea—    ?" said the King .

"the twinkling of the tea— began with the tea," the Knave  replied.

"Of course twinkling begins with a T!" said the King  sharply. "Do the Knave
take the King for a dunce? Go on!"

"the Knave’m a poor man," the Knave  went on, "and most things twinkled after
that—only the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse   said—"

"the Knave didn’t!" the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse   interrupted in a great hurry.

"the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse did!" said the Knave .

"the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse deny it!" said the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse  .

"the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse denies it," said the King : "leave out that part."

"Well, at any rate, his great wig  said—" the Knave  went on, looking
anxiously round to see if his great wig would deny it too: but his great wig  denied
nothing, being fast asleep.

"After that," continued the Knave , "the Knave cut some more bread-and-butter—"

"But what did his great wig  say?" one of a great crowd  asked.

"That the Knave can’t remember," said the Knave .

"one of the jury must remember," remarked the King , "or the King’ll have one of the jury executed."

the Knave   dropped the Knave teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
down on one knee. "the Knave’m a poor man, the King ," the Knave began.

"Alice’re a very poor speaker," said the King .

Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
the officers of the
court . (As that is rather a hard word, the King will just
explain to you how it was done. 
the officers of the court had a large canvas bag, which tied
up at the mouth with strings: into a large canvas bag 
the officers of the court slipped one of the guinea-pigs ,
head first, and then sat upon a large canvas bag.)

"I’m glad I’ve seen it done," thought I. "I’ve so often read in
the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some attempts at
applause, which was immediately suppressed by 
the officers of the court   ," and I never understood what some attempts at
applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
court meant till now."

"If that’s all I know about it, I may stand down," continued the King.

"the Knave can’t go no lower," said the Knave : "the Knave’m on the floor, as it is."

"Then I may sit down," the King  replied.

Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.

"Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!" thought I. "Now we shall get
on better."

"the Knave’d rather finish the Knave tea," said the Knave , with an anxious look at
the Queen , who was reading the list of singers.

"one of the jury may go," said the King , and the Knave  hurriedly left the
court ,
without even waiting to put the Knave shoes on.

"—and just take the Knave head off outside," the Queen  added to one of a great crowd: but the Knave  was out of sight before one of the
officers  could get
to the door.

"Call the next witness!" said the King .

the next witness   was the Duchess’s cook. the Duchess’s cook carried the pepper-box in
the Duchess’s cook hand, and I guessed who the next witness was, even before I got into the
court, by the way the people near the door  began sneezing all at once.

"Give the Hatter evidence," said the King .

"Shan’t," said the Duchess’s cook .

the King  looked anxiously at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse  , who said in a low voice,
"the King  must cross-examine the Knave ."

"Well, if the King must, the King must," the King  said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding the King arms and frowning at the Duchess’s cook  till the Duchess’s cook eyes were
nearly out of sight, the King said in a deep voice, "What are tarts made of?"

"Pepper, mostly," said the Duchess’s cook .

"Treacle," said a sleepy voice behind the Duchess’s cook.

"Collar that Dormouse," the Queen  shrieked out. "Behead that Dormouse !
Turn that Dormouse  out of court! Suppress that Dormouse! Pinch that Dormouse! Off with that Dormouse
whiskers!"

For some minutes a great crowd   was in confusion, getting that Dormouse 
turned out, and, by the time a great crowd had settled down again, I  had
disappeared.

"Never mind!" said the King , with an air of great relief. "Call the
next witness." And the King added in an undertone to the Queen , "Really, the King
the Queen, the Queen must cross-examine the next witness. - quite makes the King
forehead ache!"

I watched the Knave   as the Knave fumbled over the list, feeling
very curious to see what the next witness would be like, "—for they
haven’t got much evidence yet," I said to I. Imagine I
surprise, when the Knave   read out, at the top of the Knave shrill
little voice, the name "Alice!"