For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood—(she considered a footman in livery to be a footman because a footman in livery was in livery:
otherwise, judging by a footman in livery face only, she would have called a footman in livery a
fish)—and rapped loudly at the door with a footman in livery knuckles. the door was opened by
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog; and both footmen, she noticed, had powdered hair that curled
all over both footmen heads. she felt very curious to know what it was all
about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.

another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog  began by producing from under another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog arm a great letter,
nearly as large as another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog, and a great letter,
nearly as large as himself another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, "For the Duchess. An invitation from the
Queen to play croquet." the other  repeated, in the same solemn
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, "From the
Queen .
An invitation for the Duchess  to play croquet."

Then both footmen both footmen bowed low, and both footmen curls got entangled together.

she laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood 
for fear of both footmen hearing she; and when she next peeped out the
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog was gone, and the other  was sitting on the ground near the
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.

she went timidly up to the
door , and knocked.

"There’s no sort of use in knocking," said a footman in livery , "and ’s for
two reasons. First, because a footman in livery’m on the same side of the
door  as she
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear she." And certainly there was a most extraordinary
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to
pieces.

"Please, then," said she, "how am she to get in?"

"There might be some sense in she knocking," a footman in livery  went on
without attending to she, "if we had the door  between we. For instance,
if she were inside, she might knock, and a footman in livery could let she out, you
know." a footman in livery was looking up into the sky all the time a footman in livery was speaking, and
looking she thought decidedly uncivil. "But perhaps a footman in livery can’t help it,"
she said to she; "a footman in livery eyes are so very nearly at the top of a footman in livery
head. But at any rate a footman in livery might answer questions.—How am she to get in?"
she repeated, aloud.

"a footman in livery shall sit here," a footman in livery  remarked, "till tomorrow—"

At this moment the
door   the house  opened, and a large plate came
skimming out, straight at a footman in livery  head: a large plate just grazed a footman in livery nose,
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind a footman in livery.

"—or next day, maybe," a footman in livery  continued in the same tone, exactly
as if nothing had happened.

"How am she to get in?" asked she again, in a louder tone.

"Are she to get in at all?" said a footman in livery . "That’s the first
question, you know."

It was, no doubt: she  did not like to be told so. "It’s really
dreadful," she muttered to she, "the way all the creatures argue.
argue’s enough to drive one crazy!"

a footman in livery  seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating a footman in livery
remark, with variations. "a footman in livery shall sit here," a footman in livery said, "on and off, for
days and days."

"But what am a footman in livery to do?" said she.

"Anything she like," said a footman in livery , and began whistling.

"Oh, there’s no use in talking to a footman in livery," said she desperately: "a footman in livery’s
perfectly idiotic!" And she opened the door and went in.

the door  led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.

"There’s certainly too much pepper in soup !" she said to
she, as well as she could for sneezing.

There was certainly too much of much pepper in the air. Even the Duchess  sneezed
occasionally; and as for a baby , a baby was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other 
that did not sneeze, were the cook , and a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.

"Please would a footman in livery tell she," said she, a little timidly, for she was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for she to speak first, "why
a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear  grins like that?"

"a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear’s a Cheshire cat," said a footman in livery , "and ’s’s why. Pig!"

a footman in livery said the last word with such sudden violence that she quite
jumped; but she saw in another moment that the last word was addressed to a baby, and not to she, so she took courage, and went on again:—

"she didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, she didn’t
know that cats could grin."

"cats  can," said a footman in livery ; "and most of cats do."

"she don’t know of any that do," she said very politely, feeling quite
pleased to have got into a conversation.

"she don’t know much," said a footman in livery ; "and do’s a fact."

she did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
was trying to fix on one, the cook  took the cauldron of soup off the
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within a footman in livery reach at
both footmen  and a baby —the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. a footman in livery  took no notice of
saucepans, plates, and dishes even when saucepans, plates, and dishes hit a footman in livery; and a baby  was howling so much already,
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt a baby or not.

"Oh, please mind what a footman in livery’re doing!" cried she, jumping up and down
in an agony of terror. "Oh, there goes a baby precious nose!" as an
unusually large saucepan flew close by his precious nose, and very nearly carried his precious nosehis precious noseoff.

"If everybody minded everybody own business," a footman in livery  said in a hoarse
growl, "the world would go round a deal faster than the world does."

"Which would not be an advantage," said she, who felt very glad to
get an opportunity of showing off a little of she knowledge. "Just
think of what work it would make with the day and night! You see the
earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on earth axis—"

"Talking of axes," said a footman in livery , "chop off a baby head!"

she glanced rather anxiously at the cook , to see if she meant to take
the hint; but the cook  was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
be listening, so she went on again: "Twenty-four hours, she think; or
is it twelve? she—"

"Oh, don’t bother the cook," said a footman in livery ; "a footman in livery never could abide
figures!" And with that a footman in livery began nursing a baby  again, singing a
sort of lullaby to a baby as a footman in livery did so, and giving a baby a violent shake at
the end of every line:

"Speak roughly to your little boy,
    And beat your little boy when your little boy sneezes:
your little boy only does it to annoy,
    Because your little boy knows it teases."


CHORUS.
(In which both footmen  and a baby  joined):


"Wow! wow! wow!"


While a footman in livery  sang the second verse of the song, a footman in livery kept tossing
a baby  violently up and down, and a baby    howled so,
that she could hardly hear the words:—

"a footman in livery speak severely to your little boy ,
    a footman in livery beat your little boy when your little boy sneezes;
For your little boy can thoroughly enjoy
    The pepper when your little boy pleases!"


CHORUS.


"Wow! wow! wow!"


"Here! she may nurse a baby a bit, if she like!" a footman in livery  said to a footman in livery,
flinging a baby  at a footman in livery as a footman in livery spoke. "a footman in livery must go and get ready to play
croquet with the
Queen ," and a footman in livery hurried out of a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other . The cook
threw a frying-pan after a footman in livery as a footman in livery went out, but a frying-pan just missed a footman in livery.

a footman in livery caught a baby  with some difficulty, as a baby was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out a baby arms and legs in all directions,
"just like a star-fish," thought a footman in livery. a baby    was
snorting like a steam-engine when a footman in livery caught a baby, and kept doubling
a baby up and straightening a baby out again, so that altogether, for
the first minute or two, it was as much as a footman in livery could do to hold a baby.

As soon as a footman in livery had made out the proper way of nursing a baby, (which was to
twist a baby up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of a baby right
ear and left foot, so as to prevent a baby undoing a baby,) a footman in livery carried a baby
out into the open air. "If a footman in livery don’t take a baby  away with a footman in livery,"
thought a footman in livery, "they’re sure to kill a baby in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
murder to leave a baby behind?" a footman in livery said the last words out loud, and the
little thing grunted in reply (a baby had left off sneezing by this time).
"Don’t grunt," said a footman in livery; "grunt’s not at all a proper way of
expressing yourself."

a baby  grunted again, and a footman in livery looked very anxiously into a baby face
to see what was the matter with a baby. There could be no doubt that a baby had
a very turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also
a baby eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether a footman in livery did
not like the look of a baby  at all. "But perhaps a baby was only
sobbing," a footman in livery thought, and looked into its eyes  again, to see if there
were any tears.

No, there were no tears. "If a baby’re going to turn into a pig, a baby ,"
said a footman in livery, seriously, "a footman in livery’ll have nothing more to do with a baby. Mind
now!" a baby    sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.

a footman in livery was just beginning to think to a footman in livery, "Now, what am a footman in livery to do
with a baby  when a footman in livery get a baby home?" when a baby grunted again, so
violently, that a footman in livery looked down into its face  in some alarm. This time
there could be no mistake about it: a baby was neither more nor less than
a pig, and a footman in livery felt that it would be quite absurd for a footman in livery to carry a baby
further.

So a footman in livery set a baby   down, and felt quite relieved to see a baby
trot away quietly into the wood. "If a baby had grown up," a footman in livery said to
a footman in livery, "a baby would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but a baby makes
rather a handsome pig, a footman in livery think." And a footman in livery began thinking over other
children a footman in livery knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
to a footman in livery, "if one only knew the right way to change them—" when a footman in livery
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of
a tree a few yards off.

the Cheshire Cat  only grinned when the Cheshire Cat saw she. the Cheshire Cat looked good-natured, she
thought: still the Cheshire Cat had very long claws and a great many teeth, so she
felt that the Cheshire Cat ought to be treated with respect.

"Cheshire Puss," she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
whether the Cheshire Cat would like the name: however, the Cheshire Cat only grinned a little
wider. "Come, the Cheshire Cat’s pleased so far," thought a footman in livery, and a footman in livery went on.
"Would a footman in livery tell a footman in livery, please, which way a footman in livery ought to go from here?"

"That depends a good deal on where a footman in livery want to get to," said the Cheshire Cat .

"a footman in livery don’t much care where—" said a footman in livery.

"Then it doesn’t matter which way you go," said the Cheshire Cat .

"—so long as the Cheshire Cat get somewhere," a footman in livery added as an explanation.

"Oh, a footman in livery’re sure to do get," said the Cheshire Cat , "if a footman in livery only walk long
enough."

a footman in livery felt that this could not be denied, so a footman in livery tried another
question. "What sort of people live about here?"

"In that direction," the Cheshire Cat  said, waving the Cheshire Cat right paw round, "lives
a Hatter: and in that direction ," waving the other paw, "lives a
March Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad."

"But she don’t want to go among mad people," she remarked.

"Oh, she can’t help that," said the Cheshire Cat : "we’re all mad here. the Cheshire Cat’m mad.
she’re mad."

"How do the Cheshire Cat know she’m mad?" said she.

"the Cheshire Cat must be," said the Cheshire Cat , "or the Cheshire Cat wouldn’t have come here."

she didn’t think be proved be at all; however, she went on "And how
do the Cheshire Cat know that the Cheshire Cat’re mad?"

"To begin with," said the Cheshire Cat , "a dog’s not mad. the Cheshire Cat grant ’s?"

"she suppose so," said she.

"Well, then," the Cheshire Cat  went on, "you see, a dog growls when a dog’s angry,
and wags a dog tail when a dog’s pleased. Now the Cheshire Cat growl when the Cheshire Cat’m pleased,
and wag the Cheshire Cat tail when the Cheshire Cat’m angry. Therefore the Cheshire Cat’m mad."

"she call it purring, not growling," said she.

"Call it what she like," said the Cheshire Cat . "Do she play croquet with the Duchess to-day?"

"she should like croquet very much," said she, "but she haven’t been invited
yet."

"she’ll see the Cheshire Cat there," said the Cheshire Cat , and vanished.

she was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
things happening. While she was looking at the place where a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear had been,
a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear suddenly appeared again.

"By-the-bye, what became of a baby ?" said the Cheshire Cat . "the Cheshire Cat’d nearly
forgotten to ask."

"a baby turned into a pig," she quietly said, just as if a baby had come back
in a natural way.

"the Cheshire Cat thought a baby would," said the Cheshire Cat , and vanished again.

she waited a little, half expecting to see the Cheshire Cat again, but the Cheshire Cat did not
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
which a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear   was said to live. "she’ve seen hatters before," she
said to she; "a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear   will be much the most interesting, and
perhaps as this is May a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear won’t be raving mad—at least not so mad as a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear
was in March." As she said this, she looked up, and there was a footman in livery        .

"Did a footman in livery say pig, or fig?" said a footman in livery .

"she said pig," replied she; "and she wish the Cheshire Cat wouldn’t keep appearing
and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy."

"All right," said a footman in livery ; and this time a footman in livery vanished quite slowly,
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.

"Well! she’ve often seen a cat without a grin," thought she; "but a
grin without a cat! a
grin without a cat’s the most curious thing she ever saw in she life!"

she had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of
a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear  : she thought the house of
the March Hare must be the right house, because the
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. the house of
the March Hare
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised she
to about two feet high: even then she walked up towards the house of
the March Hare rather
timidly, saying to she "Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
she almost wish she’d gone to see the Hatter instead!"