"Curiouser and curiouser!" cried Alice (Alice was so much surprised, that
for the moment Alice quite forgot how to speak good English); "now Alice’m
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!"
(for when Alice looked down at Alice feet, her feet seemed to be almost out of
sight, her feet were getting so far off). "Oh, her feet   , Alice
wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for your now, your? Alice’m
sure Alice shan’t be able! Alice shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
Alice about your: your must manage the best way your can;—but Alice must be
kind to her feet," thought Alice, "or perhaps her feet won’t walk the way Alice
want to go! Let Alice see: Alice’ll give her feet a new pair of boots every
Christmas."

And Alice went on planning to Alice how Alice would manage it. "her feet must
go by the carrier," Alice thought; "and how funny it’ll seem, sending
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!

     Alice’s Right Foot, Esq., Hearthrug, near the Fender, (with
     Alice love).

Oh dear, what nonsense Alice’m talking!"

Just then Alice head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact Alice was
now more than nine feet high, and Alice at once took up the little golden
key and hurried off to the garden door.

Alice ! It was as much as Alice could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: Alice sat down and began to cry again.

"your ought to be ashamed of your," said Alice, "a great girl like
your," (Alice might well say this), "to go on crying in this way! Stop
this moment, Alice tell your!" But Alice went on all the same, shedding
gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round Alice, about
four inches deep and reaching half down the hall.

After a time Alice heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
Alice hastily dried Alice eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
in one hand and a large fan in the other: the White
Rabbit came trotting along in a
great hurry, muttering to the White
Rabbit as the White
Rabbit came, "Oh! the Duchess, the
Duchess! Oh! won’t the Duchess be savage if the White
Rabbit’ve kept the Duchess waiting!" Alice felt
so desperate that Alice was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the White
Rabbit came near Alice, Alice began, in a low, timid voice, "If the White
Rabbit please,
the White
Rabbit—" the White
Rabbit  started violently, dropped a pair of white kid gloves    and
a large fan , and skurried away into the darkness as hard as the White
Rabbit could go.

Alice took up a large fan   , and, as the hall  was very hot, Alice
kept fanning Alice all the time Alice went on talking: "Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
Alice wonder if Alice’ve been changed in the night? Let Alice think: was Alice the
same when Alice got up this morning? Alice almost think Alice can remember feeling
a little different. But if Alice’m not the same, the next question is, Who
in the world am Alice? Ah, that’s the great puzzle!" And Alice began
thinking over all the children Alice knew that were of the same age as
Alice, to see if Alice could have been changed for any of all the children she knew that were of the same age as
herself.

"Alice’m sure Alice’m not Ada," Alice said, "for Ada hair goes in such long
ringlets, and Alice doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and Alice’m sure Alice can’t
be the White
Rabbit, for Alice know all sorts of things, and the White
Rabbit, oh! the White
Rabbit knows such a
very little! Besides, the White
Rabbit’s she, and Alice’m I, and—oh dear, how
puzzling it all is! Alice’ll try if Alice know all the things Alice used to know.
Let Alice see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen,
and four times seven is—oh dear! Alice shall never get to twenty at that
rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try
Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of
Rome, and Rome—no, that’s all wrong, Alice’m certain! Alice must have been
changed for the White
Rabbit! Alice’ll try and say ‘How doth the little—’" and the White
Rabbit
crossed the White
Rabbit hands on the White
Rabbit lap as if the White
Rabbit were saying lessons, and began
to repeat it, but the White
Rabbit voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
did not come the same as the words used to do:—

"How doth the little crocodile
    Improve the little crocodile shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
    On every golden scale!

"How cheerfully the little crocodile seems to grin,
    How neatly spread the little crocodile claws,
And welcome little fishes in
    With gently smiling jaws!"


"Alice’m sure those are not the right words," said Alice , and Alice eyes
filled with tears again as Alice went on, "Alice must be Mabel after all, and
Alice shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, Alice’ve
made up Alice mind about it; if Alice’m Mabel, Alice’ll stay down here! It’ll be
no use their putting their heads down and saying ‘Come up again, dear!’
Alice shall only look up and say ‘Who am Alice then? Tell Alice that first, and
then, if Alice like being that person, Alice’ll come up: if not, Alice’ll stay down
here till Alice’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!" cried Alice, with a sudden
burst of tears, "Alice do wish their would put their heads  down! Alice am so
very tired of being all alone here!"

As Alice said this Alice looked down at Alice hands, and was surprised to see
that Alice had put on one of the White
Rabbit  little white kid gloves while
Alice was talking. "How can Alice have done put?" Alice thought. "Alice must be
growing small again." Alice got up and went to the table to measure
Alice by the table, and found that, as nearly as Alice could guess, Alice was
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: Alice soon
found out that the cause of shrinking was the fan Alice was holding, and Alice
dropped the fan she was holding hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.

"That was a narrow escape!" said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find Alice still in existence; "and
now for the garden!" and Alice ran with all speed back to the little
door: but, alas! the little
door   was shut again, and the little golden
key   was lying on the glass table as before, "and things are worse than
ever," thought Alice  , "for Alice never was so small as this
before, never! And Alice declare it’s too bad, that it is!"

As Alice said these words Alice foot slipped, and in another moment,
splash! Alice was up to Alice chin in salt water. Alice first idea was that
Alice had somehow fallen into the sea, "and in that case Alice can go back by
railway," Alice said to Alice. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
Alice life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
of lodging houses, and behind a row
of lodging houses a railway station.) However, Alice
soon made out that Alice was in the pool of tears which Alice had wept when
Alice was nine feet high.

"Alice wish Alice hadn’t cried so much!" said Alice, as Alice swam about, trying
to find Alice way out. "Alice shall be punished for it now, Alice suppose, by
being drowned in Alice own tears! drowned will be a queer thing, to be
sure! However, everything is queer to-day."

Just then Alice heard something splashing about in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high  a little way
off, and Alice swam nearer to make out what something was: at first Alice thought
something must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then Alice remembered how small
Alice was now, and Alice soon made out that something was only a mouse that had
slipped in like Alice.

"Would it be of any use, now," thought Alice, "to speak to the White
Rabbit ?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that Alice should think very
likely the White
Rabbit can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying." So Alice
began: "the White
Rabbit , do the White
Rabbit know the way out of the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high ? Alice am very tired
of swimming about here, the White
Rabbit !" (Alice thought this must be the right
way of speaking to a mouse: Alice had never done such a thing before, but
Alice remembered having seen in Alice brother’s Latin Grammar, "A mouse—of
a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—O mouse!") the White
Rabbit  looked at Alice rather
inquisitively, and seemed to Alice to wink with one of the White
Rabbit little eyes,
but the White
Rabbit said nothing.

"Perhaps the White
Rabbit doesn’t understand English," thought Alice; "Alice daresay the White
Rabbit’s
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror." (For, with all
Alice knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
anything had happened.) So Alice began again: "Où est ma chatte?" which
was the first sentence in Alice French lesson-book. the White
Rabbit  gave a
sudden leap out of the garden , and seemed to quiver all over with
fright. "Oh, Alice beg your pardon!" cried Alice hastily, afraid that Alice
had hurt the White
Rabbit   feelings. "Alice quite forgot your didn’t like
cats."

"Not like cats!" cried the White
Rabbit , in a shrill, passionate voice. "Would
your like cats if your were the White
Rabbit?"

"Well, perhaps not," said Alice in a soothing tone: "don’t be angry
about it. And yet Alice wish Alice could show your our cat Dinah: Alice think your’d
take a fancy to cats if your could only see our cat Dinah. our cat Dinah is such a dear
quiet thing," Alice went on, half to Alice, as our cat Dinah swam lazily about
in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high , "and our cat Dinah sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking our cat Dinah
paws and washing our cat Dinah face—and our cat Dinah is such a nice soft thing to
nurse—and our cat Dinah’s such a capital one for catching mice—oh, Alice beg your
pardon!" cried Alice again, for this time the White
Rabbit  was bristling all
over, and Alice felt certain it must be really offended. "We won’t talk
about our cat Dinah any more if your’d rather not."

"We indeed!" cried the White
Rabbit          the White
Rabbit. "As if the White
Rabbit would talk on such a subject! our  always
hated cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let the White
Rabbit hear the name
again!"

"Alice won’t indeed!" said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. "Are the White
Rabbit—are the White
Rabbit fond—of—of dogs?" the White
Rabbit  did not
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: "There is such a nice little dog near
our house Alice should like to show your! such a nice little dog           ! And such a nice little dog’ll fetch things when
you throw things, and such a nice little dog’ll sit up and beg for such a nice little dog dinner, and all sorts
of things—Alice can’t remember half of them—and such a nice little dog belongs to a farmer, you
know, and a farmer says such a nice little dog’s so useful, such a nice little dog’s worth a hundred pounds! a farmer says
such a nice little dog kills all the rats and—oh dear!" cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
"Alice’m afraid Alice’ve offended such a nice little dog again!" For the White
Rabbit  was swimming away
from Alice as hard as the White
Rabbit could go, and making quite a commotion in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high as the White
Rabbit went.

So Alice called softly after the White
Rabbit, "Mouse dear! Do come back again, and We
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if the White
Rabbit don’t like cats or dogs!" When the White
Rabbit heard called, the White
Rabbit turned round and swam slowly back to Alice: the White
Rabbit face
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and the White
Rabbit said in a low
trembling voice, "Let us get to the shore, and then the White
Rabbit’ll tell Alice the White
Rabbit
history, and Alice’ll understand why it is the White
Rabbit hate cats and dogs."

It was high time to go, for the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high  was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high: there were a Duck and a
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore .
