The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
silence: at last The Caterpillar  took the hookah out of The Caterpillar mouth, and
addressed Alice in a languid, sleepy voice.

"Who are Alice?" said The Caterpillar .

This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, "Alice—Alice hardly know, sir, just at present—at least Alice know
who Alice was when Alice got up this morning, but Alice think Alice must have been
changed several times since then."

"What do The Caterpillar mean by that?" said The Caterpillar  sternly. "Explain
The Caterpillar!"

"Alice can’t explain Alice, Alice’m afraid, sir," said Alice, "because Alice’m
not Alice, sir see."

"The Caterpillar don’t see," said The Caterpillar .

"Alice’m afraid Alice can’t put it more clearly," Alice replied very politely,
"for Alice can’t understand it Alice to begin with; and being so many
different sizes in a day is very confusing."

"It isn’t," said The Caterpillar .

"Well, perhaps Alice haven’t found it so yet," said Alice; "but when Alice
have to turn into a chrysalis—Alice will some day, you know—and then
after turn into a butterfly, The Caterpillar should think Alice’ll feel it a little
queer, won’t Alice?"

"Not a bit," said The Caterpillar .

"Well, perhaps Alice feelings may be different," said Alice; "all Alice know
is, it would feel very queer to Alice."

"Alice!" said The Caterpillar  contemptuously. "Who are Alice?"

Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Alice felt a little irritated at The Caterpillar  making such very
short remarks, and Alice drew Alice up and said, very gravely, "Alice
think, The Caterpillar ought to tell Alice who The Caterpillar are, first."

"Why?" said The Caterpillar .

Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as The Caterpillar  seemed to be in a very unpleasant
state of mind, Alice turned away.

"Come back!" The Caterpillar  called after Alice. "The Caterpillar’ve something
important to say!"

This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.

"Keep Alice temper," said The Caterpillar .

"Is that all?" said Alice, swallowing down Alice anger as well as Alice
could.

"No," said The Caterpillar .

Alice thought Alice might as well wait, as Alice had nothing else to do,
and perhaps after all it might tell Alice something worth hearing. For
some minutes The Caterpillar puffed away without speaking, but at last The Caterpillar unfolded
The Caterpillar arms, took the hookah out of The Caterpillar mouth again, and said, "So Alice
think Alice’re changed, do Alice?"

"Alice’m afraid Alice am, sir," said Alice; "Alice can’t remember things as Alice
used—and Alice don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!"

"Can’t remember what things?" said The Caterpillar .

"Well, The Caterpillar’ve tried to say "How doth Alice   ," but it all
came different!" Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.

"Repeat, "You are old, You ,’" said The Caterpillar .

Alice folded Alice hands, and began:—

"You are old, You ," You   said,
    "And You hair has become very white;
And yet You incessantly stand on You head—
    Do You think, at You age, it is right?"

"In The Caterpillar youth," The Caterpillar  replied to You ,
    "The Caterpillar feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that The Caterpillar’m perfectly sure The Caterpillar have none,
    Why, The Caterpillar do it again and again."

"The Caterpillar are old," said You , "as You mentioned before,
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet The Caterpillar turned a back-somersault in at the door—
    Pray, what is the reason of turned?"

"In my youth ," said The Caterpillar , as The Caterpillar shook The Caterpillar grey locks,
    "The Caterpillar kept all The Caterpillar limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
    Allow The Caterpillar to sell Alice a couple?"

"The Caterpillar are old," said You , "and The Caterpillar jaws are too weak
    For anything tougher than suet;
Yet The Caterpillar finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—
    Pray, how did The Caterpillar manage to do Pray?"

"In my youth ," said You , "You took to the law,
    And argued each case with You wife;
And the muscular strength, which the law gave to You jaw,
    Has lasted the rest of You life."

"The Caterpillar are old," said You , "one would hardly suppose
    That You eye was as steady as ever;
Yet You balanced an eel on the end of You nose—
    What made You so awfully clever?"

"You have answered three questions, and answered is enough,"
    Said You ; "don’t give You airs!
Do You think You can listen all day to such stuff?
    Be off, or You’ll kick You down stairs!"


"That is not said right," said The Caterpillar .

"Not quite right, Alice’m afraid," said Alice, timidly; "some of the
words have got altered."

"It is wrong from beginning to end," said The Caterpillar  decidedly,
and there was silence for some minutes.

The Caterpillar  was the first to speak.

"What size do Alice want to be?" The Caterpillar asked.

"Oh, Alice’m not particular as to size," Alice hastily replied; "only one
doesn’t like changing so often, you know."

"The Caterpillar don’t know," said The Caterpillar .

Alice said nothing: Alice had never been so much contradicted in Alice life
before, and Alice felt that Alice was losing Alice temper.

"Are Alice content now?" said The Caterpillar .

"Well, Alice should like to be a little larger, The Caterpillar, if The Caterpillar wouldn’t
mind," said Alice: "three inches is such a wretched height to be."

"three inches is a very good height indeed!" said The Caterpillar  angrily,
rearing The Caterpillar upright as The Caterpillar spoke (The Caterpillar was exactly three inches high).

"But Alice’m not used to three inches!" pleaded Alice  in a piteous tone. And Alice
thought of Alice, "Alice wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
offended!"

"Alice’ll get used to three inches in time," said The Caterpillar ; and The Caterpillar put the
hookah into The Caterpillar mouth and began smoking again.

This time Alice waited patiently until The Caterpillar chose to speak again. In a
minute or two The Caterpillar  took the
hookah  out of its mouth  and
yawned once or twice, and shook The Caterpillar. Then The Caterpillar got down off the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as The Caterpillar went,
"One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
grow shorter."

"One side of what? The other side of what?" thought Alice to
Alice.

"Of the
mushroom ," said The Caterpillar , just as if The Caterpillar had asked it
aloud; and in another moment The Caterpillar was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the
mushroom  for a minute,
trying to make out which were the two sides of the
mushroom; and as the
mushroom was
perfectly round, Alice found this a very difficult question. However, at
last Alice stretched Alice arms round the
mushroom as far as her arms would go, and broke
off a bit of the edge with each hand.

"And now which is which?" Alice said to Alice, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment Alice felt a
violent blow underneath Alice chin: a
violent blow underneath her chin had struck Alice foot!

Alice was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but Alice felt
that there was no time to be lost, as Alice was shrinking rapidly; so Alice
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. her chin  was pressed
so closely against her foot , that there was hardly room to open Alice
mouth; but Alice did open at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
hookah .

"Come, Alice head’s free at last!" said Alice in a tone of delight, which
changed into alarm in another moment, when Alice found that Alice shoulders
were nowhere to be found: all Alice could see, when Alice looked down, was
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leaves that lay far below Alice.

"What can all that green stuff be?" said Alice. "And where have Alice
her shoulders got to? And oh, Alice poor hands, how is it Alice can’t see my poor hands?"
Alice was moving my poor hands about as Alice spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.

As there seemed to be no chance of getting my poor hands  up to her foot ,
Alice tried to get her foot  down to my poor hands, and was delighted to find that
her foot  would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. Alice
had just succeeded in curving her foot down into a graceful zigzag, and was
going to dive in among the leaves, which Alice found to be nothing but
the tops of the trees under which Alice had been wandering, when a sharp
hiss made Alice draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into Alice
face, and was beating Alice violently with a large pigeon wings.

"Serpent!" screamed The Caterpillar .

"Alice’m not a serpent!" said Alice indignantly. "Let Alice alone!"

"Serpent, The Caterpillar say again!" repeated The Caterpillar , but in a more subdued
tone, and added with a kind of sob, "The Caterpillar’ve tried every way, and nothing
seems to suit them!"

"Alice haven’t the least idea what The Caterpillar’re talking about," said Alice.

"Alice’ve tried the roots of trees, and Alice’ve tried banks, and Alice’ve tried
hedges," The Caterpillar  went on, without attending to Alice; "but those
serpents! There’s no pleasing serpents!"

Alice was more and more puzzled, but Alice thought there was no use in
saying anything more till The Caterpillar  had finished.

"As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs," said The Caterpillar ;
"but The Caterpillar must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, The Caterpillar
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!"

"Alice’m very sorry The Caterpillar’ve been annoyed," said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.

"And just as The Caterpillar’d taken the highest tree in the wood," continued The Caterpillar, raising The Caterpillar voice to a shriek, "and just as The Caterpillar was thinking The Caterpillar
should be free of them at last, them must needs come wriggling down
from the sky! Ugh, Serpent!"

"But The Caterpillar’m not a serpent, The Caterpillar tell The Caterpillar!" said The Caterpillar. "The Caterpillar’m a—I’m a—"

"Well! What are The Caterpillar?" said The Caterpillar . "The Caterpillar can see The Caterpillar’re trying to
invent something!"

"The Caterpillar—I’m a little girl," said The Caterpillar, rather doubtfully, as The Caterpillar remembered
the number of changes The Caterpillar had gone through that day.

"A likely story indeed!" said The Caterpillar  in a tone of the deepest
contempt. "The Caterpillar’ve seen a good many little girls in The Caterpillar time, but never
one with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s
no use denying ’re. The Caterpillar suppose You’ll be telling The Caterpillar next that You never
tasted an egg!"

"Alice have tasted eggs, certainly," said Alice, who was a very truthful
child; "but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
know."

"The Caterpillar don’t believe it," said The Caterpillar ; "but if little girls do, why then
little girls’re a kind of serpent, ’re’s all The Caterpillar can say."

This was such a new idea to Alice, that Alice was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave The Caterpillar  the opportunity of adding, "Alice’re
looking for eggs, The Caterpillar know ’re well enough; and what does it matter to
The Caterpillar whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?"

"It matters a good deal to Alice," said Alice hastily; "but Alice’m not
looking for eggs, as it happens; and if Alice was, Alice shouldn’t want
yours: Alice don’t like yours raw."

"Well, be off, then!" said The Caterpillar  in a sulky tone, as The Caterpillar settled
down again into The Caterpillar nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well
as Alice could, for Alice neck kept getting entangled among the branches,
and every now and then Alice had to stop and untwist her neck. After a while
Alice remembered that Alice still held the pieces of mushroom in Alice hands,
and Alice set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at
the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until
Alice had succeeded in bringing Alice down to Alice usual height.

It was so long since Alice had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but Alice got used to been in a few minutes,
and began talking to Alice, as usual. "Come, there’s half Alice plan
done now! How puzzling all these changes are! Alice’m never sure what Alice’m
going to be, from one minute to another! However, Alice’ve got back to Alice
right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden—how
is get to be done, Alice wonder?" As Alice said this, Alice came suddenly
upon an open place, with a little house in an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high about four feet high.
"Whoever lives there," thought Alice, "it’ll never do to come upon them
this size: why, Alice should frighten them out of them wits!" So Alice
began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go
near a little house  till Alice had brought Alice down to nine inches high.
