Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by Alice sister on the 
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice Alice had peeped into 
the book her sister  was reading, but the book her sister was reading had no pictures or conversations in the book her sister was reading, 
"and what is the use of a book," thought Alice "without pictures or conversations?"

So Alice was considering in Alice own mind (as well as Alice could, for the 
hot day made Alice feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of 
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking 
the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by Alice.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
so very much out of the way to hear a White Rabbit with pink eyes  say to a White Rabbit with pink eyes, "Oh
dear! Oh dear! a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall be late!" (when Alice thought it over afterwards,
it occurred to Alice that Alice ought to have wondered at that, but at the
time that all seemed quite natural); but when a White Rabbit with pink eyes  actually took a
watch out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes waistcoat-pocket, and looked at a
watch, and then hurried
on, Alice started to Alice feet, for it flashed across Alice mind that Alice
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
watch to take out of a rabbit, and burning with curiosity, Alice ran across the
field after a rabbit, and fortunately was just in time to see a rabbit pop down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after a rabbit, never once considering how
in the world Alice was to get out again.

a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping Alice before Alice found Alice falling down a very
deep well.

Either a very
deep well  was very deep, or Alice fell very slowly, for Alice had
plenty of time as Alice went down to look about Alice and to wonder what
was going to happen next. First, Alice tried to look down and make out
what Alice was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then Alice
looked at the sides of a very
deep well , and noticed that the sides of the well were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there Alice saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. Alice took down a jar from one of 
cupboards  as Alice
passed; a jar was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE", but to Alice great
disappointment a jar was empty: Alice did not like to drop a jar  for fear
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put a jar into one of 
cupboards as Alice fell past one of the
cupboards.

"Well!" thought Alice to Alice, "after such a fall as this, Alice shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think Alice
at home! Why, Alice wouldn’t say anything about it, even if Alice fell off the
top of the house!" (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall never come to an end? "Alice wonder how
many miles Alice’ve fallen by this time?" Alice said aloud. "Alice must be
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let Alice see: the centre of the earth would
be four thousand miles down, Alice think—" (for, you see, Alice had learnt
several things of this sort in Alice lessons in the schoolroom, and
though this time was not a very good opportunity for showing off Alice
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to Alice, still this time was good
practice to say it over) "—yes, that’s about the right distance—but
then Alice wonder what Latitude or Longitude Alice’ve got to?" (Alice had no
idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice
grand words to say.)

Presently Alice began again. "Alice wonder if Alice shall fall right through
the earth ! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk
with their heads downward      ! the people that walk
with their heads downward , Alice think—" (Alice was rather
glad there was no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all
the right word) "—but Alice shall have to ask the people that walk
with their heads downward what the name of the
country is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is the
country New Zealand or Australia?"
(and Alice tried to curtsey as Alice spoke—fancy curtseying as you’re
falling through the air! Do Ma’am think Ma’am could manage fancy curtseying?) "And what
an ignorant little girl Ma’am’ll think Alice for asking! No, it’ll never do
to ask: perhaps Alice shall see it written up somewhere."

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. "Dinah’ll miss Alice very much to-night, Alice should think!"
(Dinah’ll was the cat.) "Alice hope they’ll remember Dinah’ll saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah’ll Alice dear! Alice wish Dinah’ll were down here with Alice! There are
no mice in the air, Alice’m afraid, but Dinah’ll might catch a bat, and catch’s
very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, Alice wonder?" And here
Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to Alice, in a
dreamy sort of way, "Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?" and
sometimes, "Do bats eat cats?" for, you see, as Alice couldn’t answer
either question, it didn’t much matter which way Alice put it. Alice felt
that Alice was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that Alice was
walking hand in hand with Dinah’ll, and saying to Dinah’ll very earnestly,
"Now, Dinah’ll, tell Alice the truth: did Dinah’ll ever eat a bat?" when suddenly,
thump! thump! down Alice came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and
the fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and Alice jumped up on to Alice feet in a moment:
Alice looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before Alice was another
long passage, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes   was still in sight, hurrying down
another
long passage. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
and was just in time to hear a rabbit say, as a rabbit turned a corner, "Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!" Alice was close behind a rabbit when Alice
turned a corner , but a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was no longer to be seen: Alice found
Alice in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof , but doors were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, Alice walked sadly down the middle, wondering how Alice was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly Alice came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass except a tiny golden key, and Alice
first thought was that a tiny golden key might belong to one of the doors of a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof ;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or a tiny golden key  was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of the doors of the hall. However, on the second
time round, Alice came upon a low curtain Alice had not noticed before, and
behind a low curtain was a little door about fifteen inches high: Alice tried a tiny golden key     , and to Alice great delight a tiny golden key fitted!

Alice opened a little door about fifteen inches high  and found that a little door about fifteen inches high led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: Alice knelt down and looked along the
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How Alice longed to get
out of a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof  , and wander about among those beds of bright
flowers and those cool fountains, but Alice could not even get Alice head
through the doorway; "and even if her head  would go through," thought
Alice , "her head would be of very little use without Alice shoulders. Oh,
how Alice wish Alice could shut up like a telescope! Alice think Alice could, if Alice only
knew how to begin." For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
indeed were really impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  , so Alice went
back to a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass , half hoping Alice might find another key on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time Alice found a little bottle on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass, ("which certainly was not here
before," said Alice,) and round the neck of a little bottle  was a paper
label, with the words "DRINK ME," beautifully printed on a paper
label, with the words "DRINK ME," beautifully printed on it in large
letters in large
letters.

It was all very well to say "Drink me," but Alice    was
not going to do say in a hurry. "No, Alice’ll look first," Alice said,
"and see whether a little bottle’s marked ‘poison’ or not"; for Alice had read
several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things, all because children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things
would not remember the simple rules children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things friends had taught children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things:
such as, that a red-hot poker will burn you if you hold a red-hot poker too long;
and that if you cut your finger very deeply with a knife, your finger usually
bleeds; and Alice had never forgotten that, if you drink much from a
bottle marked "poison," it is almost certain to disagree with you,
sooner or later.

However, a little bottle  was not marked "poison," so Alice ventured to
taste a little bottle, and finding a little bottle very nice, (a little bottle had, in fact, a sort of mixed
flavoTr of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and
hot buttered toast,) Alice very soon finished a little bottle off.

"What a curious feeling!" said Alice; "Alice must be shutting up like a
telescope."

And so it was indeed: Alice was now only ten inches high, and Alice face
brightened up at the thought that Alice was now the right size for going
through a little door about fifteen inches high   into the loveliest garden you ever saw  . First, however, Alice
waited for a few minutes to see if Alice was going to shrink any further:
Alice felt a little nervous about this; "for it might end, you know,"
said Alice to Alice, "in Alice going out altogether, like a candle. Alice
wonder what Alice should be like then?" And Alice tried to fancy what the
flame of a candle is like after a candle  is blown out, for Alice could
not remember ever having seen the
flame of a candle  .

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, Alice decided on going
into the loveliest garden you ever saw  at once; but, alas for Alice ! when Alice got to a little door about fifteen inches high, Alice found Alice had forgotten the little golden key, and when Alice
went back to the table for the little golden key, Alice found Alice could not possibly reach
the little golden key: Alice could see the little golden key quite plainly through the glass, and Alice tried Alice
best to climb up one of the legs of the table , but one of the legs of the table was too slippery;
and when Alice had tired Alice out with trying, Alice   
sat down and cried.

"Come, there’s no use in crying like that!" said Alice to Alice,
rather sharply; "Alice advise Alice to leave off this minute!" Alice generally
gave Alice very good advice, (though Alice very seldom followed very good advice),
and sometimes Alice scolded Alice so severely as to bring tears into
Alice eyes; and once Alice remembered trying to box Alice own ears for having
cheated Alice in a game of croquet Alice was playing against Alice,
for Alice   was very fond of pretending to be two people.
"But it’s no use now," thought Alice , "to pretend to be two
people! Why, there’s hardly enough of Alice left to make one respectable
person!"

Soon Alice eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
Alice opened a little glass box that was lying under the table, and found in a little glass box that was lying under the table a very small cake, on which the words
"EAT ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, Alice’ll eat a very small cake," said
Alice, "and if a very small cake makes Alice grow larger, Alice can reach the key; and if a very small cake
makes Alice grow smaller, Alice can creep under the door; so either way Alice’ll
get into the garden, and Alice don’t care which happens!"

Alice ate a little bit, and said anxiously to Alice, "Which way? Which
way?", holding Alice hand on the top of Alice head to feel which way her head was
growing, and Alice was quite surprised to find that Alice remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go
on in the common way.

So Alice set to work, and very soon finished off a very small cake .
"Curiouser and curiouser!" cried Alice (Alice was so much surprised, that
for the moment Alice quite forgot how to speak good English); "now Alice’m
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!"
(for when Alice looked down at feet , feet seemed to be almost out of
sight, feet were getting so far off). "Oh, feet   , Alice
wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for your now, your? Alice’m
sure Alice shan’t be able! Alice shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
Alice about your: your must manage the best way your can;—but Alice must be
kind to the people that walk
with their heads downward," thought Alice, "or perhaps the people that walk
with their heads downward won’t walk the way Alice
want to go! Let Alice see: Alice’ll give the people that walk
with their heads downward a new pair of boots every
Christmas."

And Alice went on planning to Alice how Alice would manage it. "the people that walk
with their heads downward must
go by the carrier," Alice thought; "and how funny it’ll seem, sending
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!

     Alice’s Right Foot, Esq., Hearthrug, near the Fender, (with
     Alice love).

Oh dear, what nonsense Alice’m talking!"

Just then Alice head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact Alice was
now more than nine feet high, and Alice at once took up the little golden key   and hurried off to the garden door.

Alice ! It was as much as Alice could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the loveliest garden you ever saw  with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: Alice sat down and began to cry again.

"You ought to be ashamed of You," said Alice, "a great girl like
You," (Alice might well say this), "to go on crying in this way! Stop
this moment, Alice tell You!" But Alice went on all the same, shedding
gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round Alice, about
four inches deep and reaching half down the table .

After a time Alice heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
Alice hastily dried Alice eyes to see what was coming. It was a White Rabbit with pink eyes  returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
in one hand and a large fan in the other: a White Rabbit with pink eyes came trotting along in a
great hurry, muttering to a White Rabbit with pink eyes as a White Rabbit with pink eyes came, "Oh! the Duchess, the
Duchess! Oh! won’t the Duchess be savage if a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ve kept the Duchess waiting!" Alice felt
so desperate that Alice was ready to ask help of any one; so, when a White Rabbit with pink eyes came near Alice, Alice began, in a low, timid voice, "If a White Rabbit with pink eyes please,
a White Rabbit with pink eyes—" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  started violently, dropped a pair of white kid gloves    and
a large fan , and skurried away into the darkness as hard as a White Rabbit with pink eyes could go.

Alice took up a large fan   , and, as the table  was very hot, Alice
kept fanning Alice all the time Alice went on talking: "Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
Alice wonder if Alice’ve been changed in the night? Let Alice think: was Alice the
same when Alice got up this morning? Alice almost think Alice can remember feeling
a little different. But if Alice’m not the same, the next question is, Who
in the world am Alice? Ah, that’s the great puzzle!" And Alice began
thinking over all the children Alice knew that were of the same age as
Alice, to see if Alice could have been changed for any of all the children she knew that were of the same age as
herself.

"Alice’m sure Alice’m not Ada," Alice said, "for Ada hair goes in such long
ringlets, and Alice doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and Alice’m sure Alice can’t
be Dinah’ll, for Alice know all sorts of things, and Dinah’ll, oh! Dinah’ll knows such a
very little! Besides, Dinah’ll’s she, and Alice’m Alice, and—oh dear, how
puzzling it all is! Alice’ll try if Alice know all the things Alice used to know.
Let Alice see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen,
and four times seven is—oh dear! Alice shall never get to twenty at that
rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try
Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of
Rome, and Rome—no, that’s all wrong, Alice’m certain! Alice must have been
changed for Dinah’ll! Alice’ll try and say ‘How doth the little—’" and Alice
crossed Alice hands on Alice lap as if Alice were saying lessons, and began
to repeat it, but Alice voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
did not come the same as the words used to do:—

"How doth the little crocodile
    Improve the little crocodile shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
    On every golden scale!

"How cheerfully the little crocodile seems to grin,
    How neatly spread the little crocodile claws,
And welcome little fishes in
    With gently smiling jaws!"


"Alice’m sure those are not the right words," said Alice , and Alice eyes
filled with tears again as Alice went on, "Alice must be Mabel after all, and
Alice shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, Alice’ve
made up Alice mind about it; if Alice’m Mabel, Alice’ll stay down here! It’ll be
no use they putting they heads down and saying ‘Come up again, dear!’
Alice shall only look up and say ‘Who am Alice then? Tell Alice that first, and
then, if Alice like being that person, Alice’ll come up: if not, Alice’ll stay down
here till Alice’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!" cried Alice, with a sudden
burst of tears, "Alice do wish they would put their heads  down! Alice am so
very tired of being all alone here!"

As Alice said this Alice looked down at Alice hands, and was surprised to see
that Alice had put on one of a White Rabbit with pink eyes  little white kid gloves while
Alice was talking. "How can Alice have done put?" Alice thought. "Alice must be
growing small again." Alice got up and went to the table to measure
Alice by the table, and found that, as nearly as Alice could guess, Alice was
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: Alice soon
found out that the cause of this was the fan Alice was holding, and Alice
dropped the fan she was holding hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.

"That was a narrow escape!" said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find Alice still in existence; "and
now for the garden!" and Alice ran with all speed back to a little door about fifteen inches high : but, alas! a little door about fifteen inches high   was shut again, and the little golden key   was lying on the glass table as before, "and things are worse than
ever," thought Alice  , "for Alice never was so small as this
before, never! And Alice declare it’s too bad, that it is!"

As Alice said these words Alice foot slipped, and in another moment,
splash! Alice was up to Alice chin in salt water. Alice first idea was that
Alice had somehow fallen into the sea, "and in that case Alice can go back by
railway," Alice said to Alice. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
Alice life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
of lodging houses, and behind a row
of lodging houses a railway station.) However, Alice
soon made out that Alice was in the pool of tears which Alice had wept when
Alice was nine feet high.

"Alice wish Alice hadn’t cried so much!" said Alice, as Alice swam about, trying
to find Alice way out. "Alice shall be punished for it now, Alice suppose, by
being drowned in Alice own tears! drowned will be a queer thing, to be
sure! However, everything is queer to-day."

Just then Alice heard something splashing about in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high    , and Alice swam nearer to make out what something was: at first Alice thought
something must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then Alice remembered how small
Alice was now, and Alice soon made out that something was only a mouse that had
slipped in like Alice.

"Would it be of any use, now," thought Alice, "to speak to a White Rabbit with pink eyes ?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that Alice should think very
likely a White Rabbit with pink eyes can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying." So Alice
began: "a White Rabbit with pink eyes , do a White Rabbit with pink eyes know the way out of the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high ? Alice am very tired
of swimming about here, a White Rabbit with pink eyes !" (Alice thought this must be the right
way of speaking to a mouse: Alice had never done such a thing before, but
Alice remembered having seen in Alice brother’s Latin Grammar, "A mouse—of
a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—O mouse!") a White Rabbit with pink eyes  looked at Alice rather
inquisitively, and seemed to Alice to wink with one of a White Rabbit with pink eyes little eyes,
but a White Rabbit with pink eyes said nothing.

"Perhaps a White Rabbit with pink eyes doesn’t understand English," thought Alice; "Alice daresay a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror." (For, with all
Alice knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
anything had happened.) So Alice began again: "Où est ma chatte?" which
was the first sentence in Alice French lesson-book. a White Rabbit with pink eyes  gave a
sudden leap out of the loveliest garden you ever saw , and seemed to quiver all over with
fright. "Oh, Alice beg You pardon!" cried Alice hastily, afraid that Alice
had hurt a White Rabbit with pink eyes   feelings. "Alice quite forgot You didn’t like
cats."

"Not like cats!" cried a White Rabbit with pink eyes , in a shrill, passionate voice. "Would
Alice like cats if Alice were a White Rabbit with pink eyes?"

"Well, perhaps not," said Alice in a soothing tone: "don’t be angry
about it. And yet Alice wish Alice could show You our cat Dinah: Alice think You’d
take a fancy to cats if You could only see our cat Dinah. our cat Dinah is such a dear
quiet thing," Alice went on, half to Alice, as Alice swam lazily about
in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high , "and our cat Dinah sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking our cat Dinah
paws and washing our cat Dinah face—and our cat Dinah is such a nice soft thing to
nurse—and our cat Dinah’s such a capital one for catching mice—oh, Alice beg You
pardon!" cried Alice again, for this time a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was bristling all
over, and Alice felt certain it must be really offended. "We won’t talk
about our cat Dinah any more if You’d rather not."

"We indeed!" cried a White Rabbit with pink eyes          a White Rabbit with pink eyes. "As if a White Rabbit with pink eyes would talk on such a subject! Our family always
hated cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let a White Rabbit with pink eyes hear the name
again!"

"Alice won’t indeed!" said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. "Are Alice—are Alice fond—of—of dogs?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  did not
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: "There is such a nice little dog near
our house Alice should like to show You! such a nice little dog   , you
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And such a nice little dog’ll fetch things when
you throw things, and such a nice little dog’ll sit up and beg for such a nice little dog dinner, and all sorts
of things—Alice can’t remember half of them—and such a nice little dog belongs to a farmer, you
know, and a farmer says such a nice little dog’s so useful, such a nice little dog’s worth a hundred pounds! a farmer says
such a nice little dog kills all the rats and—oh dear!" cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
"Alice’m afraid Alice’ve offended such a nice little dog again!" For Alice  was swimming away
from Alice as hard as Alice could go, and making quite a commotion in the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high as Alice went.

So Alice called softly after Alice, "Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if Alice don’t like cats or dogs!" When Alice heard called, Alice turned round and swam slowly back to Alice: Alice face
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and Alice said in a low
trembling voice, "Let we get to the centre of the earth , and then Alice’ll tell Alice Alice
history, and Alice’ll understand why it is Alice hate cats and dogs."

It was high time to go, for the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high  was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high: there were a Duck and a
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
led the way, and we   swam to the centre of the earth .

we were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank—the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals    fur clinging close
to we, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: we had a
consultation about get, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
natural to Alice to find Alice talking familiarly with we, as if
Alice had known we all Alice life. Indeed, Alice had quite a long argument
with Mabel           Mabel       ;" and this Alice would not allow
without knowing how old it was, and, as Mabel  positively refused to
tell Mabel age, there was no more to be said.

At last a White Rabbit with pink eyes           we,
called out, "Sit down, we  we, and listen to a White Rabbit with pink eyes! a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ll soon make
we dry enough!" we we sat down at once, in a large ring, with a White Rabbit with pink eyes in the middle. Alice kept Alice eyes anxiously fixed on a little door about fifteen inches high, for Alice
felt sure Alice would catch a bad cold if Alice did not get dry very soon.

"Ahem!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  with an important air, "are we all ready? This
is the driest thing a White Rabbit with pink eyes know. Silence all round, if you please! ‘William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favored by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
Mercia and Northumbria—’"

"Ugh!" said Dinah’ll , with a shiver.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes beg Alice pardon!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , frowning, but very politely: "Did
Alice speak?"

"Not Alice!" said Alice  hastily.

"Alice thought Alice did," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "—a White Rabbit with pink eyes proceed. ‘Edwin and Morcar  ,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria  , declared for a White Rabbit with pink eyes: and even
Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable—’"

"Found what?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Found a very small cake," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  replied rather crossly: "of course You know
what ‘a very small cake’ means."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes know what ‘a very small cake’ means well enough, when a White Rabbit with pink eyes find a thing," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes: "a thing’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did a White Rabbit with pink eyes find?"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  did not notice The question , but hurriedly went on, "‘—found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer William
the crown. William conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence
of William Normans—’ How are you getting on now, you ?" it continued,
turning to Alice as it spoke.

"As wet as ever," said Alice in a melancholy tone: "it doesn’t seem to
dry Alice at all."

"In that case," said it  solemnly, rising to it feet, "it move
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies—"

"Speak English!" said the Eaglet. "the Eaglet don’t know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what’s more, the Eaglet don’t believe You do either!" And
the Eaglet  bent down the Eaglet head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
tittered audibly.

"What a White Rabbit with pink eyes was going to say," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  in an offended tone, "was,
that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race."

"What is a Caucus-race?" said Alice; not that Alice wanted much to
know, but a White Rabbit with pink eyes  had paused as if a White Rabbit with pink eyes thought that somebody ought to
speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.

"Why," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "the best way to explain it is to do it." (And,
as You might like to try it  You, some winter day, a White Rabbit with pink eyes will
tell You how a White Rabbit with pink eyes  managed it.)

First a White Rabbit with pink eyes marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, ("the exact
shape doesn’t matter," a White Rabbit with pink eyes said,) and then we   were placed
along the course, here and there. There was no "One, two, three, and
away," but we began running when we liked, and left off when we
liked, so that it was not easy to know when this  was over. However,
when we had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry
again, a White Rabbit with pink eyes  suddenly called out "this  is over!" and we we
crowded round a little door about fifteen inches high, panting, and asking, "But who has won?"

This question a White Rabbit with pink eyes  could not answer without a great deal of
thought, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon a White Rabbit with pink eyes
forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the
pictures of Shakespeare), while a pair of white kid gloves  waited in silence. At last a White Rabbit with pink eyes 
said, "Everybody has won, and Everybody must have prizes."

"But who is to give prizes ?" quite a chorus of voices asked.

"Why, Dinah’ll, of course," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , pointing to Alice with one
finger; and the whole party at once crowded round Alice, calling out in a
confused way, "Prizes! Prizes!"

Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair Alice put Alice hand in Alice
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
not got into a box of comfits), and handed comfits round as prizes. There was exactly
one a-piece, all round.

"But Alice must have a prize Alice, you know," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Of course," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  replied very gravely. "What else have Alice got in
a little door about fifteen inches high ?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes went on, turning to Alice.

"Only a thimble," said Alice sadly.

"Hand Only a thimble over here," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Then the whole party the whole party crowded round Alice once more, while a White Rabbit with pink eyes  solemnly
presented Only a thimble , saying "the whole party beg Alice acceptance of Only a thimble ;" and, when a White Rabbit with pink eyes had finished this short speech, the whole party the whole party
cheered.

Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but the whole party the whole party looked so grave
that Alice did not dare to laugh; and, as Alice could not think of anything
to say, Alice simply bowed, and took Only a thimble , looking as solemn as
Alice could.

The next thing was to eat comfits : eat caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that the large birds could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last, and the whole party sat down again in a ring, and
begged a White Rabbit with pink eyes  to tell the whole party something more.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes promised to tell Alice a White Rabbit with pink eyes history, You know," said Alice, "and why
it is a White Rabbit with pink eyes hate—C and D," Alice added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes is a long and a sad tale!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , turning to Alice, and
sighing.

"a very small cake is a long tail, certainly," said Alice, looking down with wonder
at a very small cake  ; "but why do a White Rabbit with pink eyes call a very small cake sad?" And Alice kept on
puzzling about a very small cake while a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was speaking, so that Alice idea of the
tale was something like this:—

         "Fury said to a mouse, That Fury met in the house, ‘Let us both
         go to law: Fury will prosecute you.—Come, Fury’ll take no
         denial; us must have a trial: For really this morning a mouse, That he met in the house’ve
         nothing to do.’ Said a mouse, That he met in the house  to the cur, ‘Such a trial, the cur, With no jury or judge, would be wasting us breath.’
         ‘Fury’ll be judge, Fury’ll be jury,’ Said Fury  : ‘Fury’ll
         try the whole cause, and condemn a mouse, That he met in the house to death.’"

"Alice are not attending!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  to Alice severely. "What are
Alice thinking of?"

"Alice beg a White Rabbit with pink eyes pardon," said Alice very humbly: "a White Rabbit with pink eyes had got to a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge , Alice think?"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes had not!" cried a White Rabbit with pink eyes , sharply and very angrily.

"A knot!" said Alice, always ready to make Alice useful, and looking
anxiously about Alice. "Oh, do let Alice help to undo A knot!"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall do nothing of the sort," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , getting up and
walking away. "Alice insult a White Rabbit with pink eyes by talking such nonsense!"

"Alice didn’t mean it!" pleaded Alice . "But a White Rabbit with pink eyes’re so easily offended,
you know!"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  only growled in reply.

"Please come back and finish Alice story!" Alice called after a White Rabbit with pink eyes; and
the whole party  the whole party joined in chorus, "Yes, please do!" but a White Rabbit with pink eyes  only
shook a White Rabbit with pink eyes head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.

"What a pity a White Rabbit with pink eyes wouldn’t stay!" sighed a White Rabbit with pink eyes , as soon as a White Rabbit with pink eyes was
quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to
an old Crab daughter "Ah, her daughter ! Let this be a lesson to her daughter never to lose
her daughter temper!" "Hold her daughter tongue, Alice!" said an old Crab  , a little
snappishly. "Alice’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!"

"Alice wish Alice had our Dinah here, Alice know Alice do!" said Alice aloud,
addressing nobody in particular. "our Dinah’d soon fetch Only a thimble back!"

"And who is our Dinah, if a White Rabbit with pink eyes might venture to ask the question?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes.

Alice replied eagerly, for Alice was always ready to talk about our Dinah :
"our Dinah’s our cat. And our Dinah’s such a capital one for catching mice you
can’t think! And oh, Alice wish You could see our Dinah after the birds! Why,
our Dinah’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at a little bird!"

This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the whole party . Some of the whole party hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping one old Magpie up very
carefully, remarking, "one old Magpie really must be getting home; the night-air
doesn’t suit one old Magpie throat!" and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
to a Canary children, "Come away, its children ! It’s high time its children were all in
bed!" On various pretexts its children its children moved off, and Alice was soon left
alone.

"Alice wish Alice hadn’t mentioned our Dinah!" Alice said to Alice in a melancholy
tone. "Nobody seems to like our Dinah, down here, and Alice’m sure our Dinah’s the best
cat in the world! Oh, Alice our Dinah ! Alice wonder if Alice shall ever see our Dinah
any more!" And here Alice  began to cry again, for Alice felt very
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, Alice again heard a
little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and Alice looked up
eagerly, half hoping that a White Rabbit with pink eyes  had changed a White Rabbit with pink eyes mind, and was
coming back to finish a White Rabbit with pink eyes story.

It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as the White Rabbit went, as if the White Rabbit had lost something; and Alice heard
the White Rabbit muttering to the White Rabbit "Alice ! Alice ! Oh the White Rabbit dear paws! Oh
the White Rabbit fur and whiskers! the White Rabbit’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where can Alice have dropped my dear paws, Alice wonder? Alice guessed in a
moment that the White Rabbit was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves, and Alice very good-naturedly began hunting about for my dear paws, but
my dear paws were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since
Dinah’ll swim in the loveliest garden you ever saw , and the great hall, with the glass table and the
little door, had vanished completely.

Very soon a White Rabbit with pink eyes  noticed Alice, as Alice went hunting about, and
called out to Alice in an angry tone, "Why, Dinah’ll , what are Alice
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch a White Rabbit with pink eyes a pair of gloves and
a fan! Quick, now! And Alice was so much frightened that Alice ran off
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
mistake it had made.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes took Alice for a White Rabbit with pink eyes housemaid, Alice said to Alice as Alice ran. "How
surprised a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ll be when a White Rabbit with pink eyes finds out who Alice am! But Alice’d better take a White Rabbit with pink eyes
a pair of gloves and
a fan   the pair of white kid
gloves—that is, if Alice can find a pair of gloves and
a fan. As Alice said this, Alice
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name "W. RABBIT, engraved upon a bright brass
plate. Alice went in without
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest Alice should meet Dinah’ll  , and be turned out of a neat little house  before Alice had found a pair of gloves and
a fan  .

"How queer it seems, Alice said to Alice, "to be going messages for
a rabbit! Alice suppose Dinah’ll be sending Alice on messages next! And Alice
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: "‘Alice ! Come
here directly, and get ready for Alice walk!’ ‘Coming in a minute,
Dinah’ll! But Alice’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.’ Only Alice
don’t think, Alice went on, "that they’d let a White Rabbit with pink eyes stop in the house 
if it began ordering people about like that!

By this time Alice had found Alice way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on a table (as Alice had hoped) a fan and two or three
pairs of tiny white kid gloves: Alice took up a fan  and a pair of the
gloves, and was just going to leave a tidy little room , when Alice eye fell upon a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label
this time with the words "DRINK ME, but nevertheless Alice uncorked a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass
and put a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass to Alice lips. "Alice know something interesting is sure to
happen, Alice said to Alice, "whenever Alice eat or drink anything; so
Alice’ll just see what a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  does. Alice do hope a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass’ll make Alice grow large
again, for really Alice’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!

It did so indeed, and much sooner than Alice had expected: before Alice had
drunk half a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , Alice found Alice head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save Alice neck from being broken. Alice hastily put
down a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , saying to Alice "That’s quite enough—Alice hope Alice shan’t
grow any more—As it is, Alice can’t get out at the door—Alice do wish Alice hadn’t
drunk quite so much!

Alas! it was too late to wish that! Alice went on growing, and growing,
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
was not even room for kneel, and Alice tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round Alice head.
Still Alice went on growing, and, as a last resource, Alice put one arm out
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to Alice "Now Alice
can do no more, whatever happens. What will become of Alice?

Luckily for Alice, a White Rabbit with pink eyes    had now had a White Rabbit with pink eyes full effect,
and Alice grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of Alice ever getting out of the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high 
again, no wonder Alice felt unhappy.

"It was much pleasanter at home, thought Alice , "when one wasn’t
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
rabbits. Alice almost wish Alice hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! Alice do wonder what
can have happened to Alice! When Alice used to read fairy-tales, Alice fancied
that kind of thing never happened, and now here Alice am in the middle of
one! There ought to be a book written about Alice, that there ought! And
when Alice grow up, Alice’ll write one—but Alice’m grown up now, Alice added in a
sorrowful tone; "at least there’s no room to grow up any more here.

"But then, thought Alice, "shall Alice never get any older than Alice am
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way—never to be an old woman—but
then—always to have lessons to learn! Oh, Alice shouldn’t like that!

"Oh, Alice  ! Alice answered Alice. "How can you learn
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for you, and no room at all
for any lesson-books!

And so Alice went on, taking first one side and then the other, and
making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes
Alice heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.

"Dinah’ll ! Dinah’ll ! said a voice . "Fetch a voice a voice gloves this moment!
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  coming to look for Alice, and Alice trembled till Alice shook the house, quite forgetting that Alice was now about a thousand times as
large as a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and had no reason to be afraid of it.

Presently a White Rabbit with pink eyes  came up to the door, and tried to open the door; but, as
the door  opened inwards, and Alice elbow was pressed hard against the door,
tried  proved a failure. Alice heard a rabbit say to a rabbit "Then a rabbit’ll
go round and get in at the window.

"That a rabbit won’t! thought Alice, and, after waiting till Alice fancied
Alice heard a White Rabbit with pink eyes  just under the window , Alice suddenly spread out Alice
hand, and made a snatch in the air. Alice did not get hold of anything,
but Alice heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
from which Alice concluded that it was just possible Only a thimble had fallen into a
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.

Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—"Pat! Pat! Where are you? And
then a voice Alice had never heard before, "Sure then you’m here! Digging
for apples, yer honor!

"Digging for apples, indeed! said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  angrily. "Here! Come and
help a White Rabbit with pink eyes out of this! (Sounds of more broken glass.)

"Now tell Alice, Pat, what’s Only a thimble  the door ?

"Sure, Only a thimble’s an arm, yer honor! (a White Rabbit with pink eyes pronounced Only a thimble "arrum.)

"An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, Only a thimble fills the door !

"Sure, Only a thimble does, yer honor: but Only a thimble’s an arm for all that.

"Well, Only a thimble’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take Only a thimble away!

There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, "Sure, I don’t like it, yer honor, at all, at
all! "Do as a White Rabbit with pink eyes tell Alice, Alice ! and at last Alice spread out Alice
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
two little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. "What a number
of cucumber-frames there must be! thought Alice. "Alice wonder what
they’ll do next! As for pulling Alice out of the door , Alice only wish they
could! Alice’m sure Alice don’t want to stay in here any longer!

Alice waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together: Alice made out the words: "Where’s the other
ladder?—Why, Alice hadn’t to bring but one; William’s got the other—William!
fetch the other here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
together first—’em don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! ’em’ll do
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, William! catch hold of this
a very small cake—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, that loose slate’s coming down!
Heads below! (a loud crash)—"Now, who did that?—It was William, Alice
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, Alice shan’t! Alice do
it!—That Alice won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, a White Rabbit with pink eyes! the master says
Alice’re to go down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge !

"Oh! So a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s got to come down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge , has a White Rabbit with pink eyes? said Alice to
Alice. "Shy, they seem to put everything upon a White Rabbit with pink eyes! Alice wouldn’t be in
a White Rabbit with pink eyes place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
Alice think Alice can kick a little!

Alice drew Alice foot as far down the window  as Alice could, and waited till
Alice heard a little animal (Alice couldn’t guess of what sort a little animal was)
scratching and scrambling about in the window  close above Alice: then,
saying to Alice "This is Bill, Alice gave one sharp kick, and waited
to see what would happen next.

The first thing Alice heard was a general chorus of "There goes William!
then a White Rabbit with pink eyes  voice along—"Catch a White Rabbit with pink eyes, you by the hedge! then
silence, and then another confusion of voices—"Hold up a White Rabbit with pink eyes head—Brandy
now—Don’t choke a White Rabbit with pink eyes—How was it, a White Rabbit with pink eyes ? What happened to a White Rabbit with pink eyes? Tell
us all about it!

Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ("That’s Bill, thought
Alice,) "Well, Alice hardly know—No more, thank us; Alice’m better now—but Alice’m
a deal too flustered to tell us—all Alice know is, something comes at Alice
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up Alice goes like a sky-rocket!

"So a White Rabbit with pink eyes did, a White Rabbit with pink eyes ! said the whole party .

"We must burn the house  down! said a little door about fifteen inches high  ; and Alice
called out as loud as Alice could, "If they do, Alice’ll set Dinah at they!

There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to Alice, "Alice
wonder what they will do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
roof off. After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
Alice heard a White Rabbit with pink eyes  say, "A barrowful will do, to begin with.

"A barrowful   ? thought Alice; but Alice had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window, and some of some of them hit Alice in the face. "Alice’ll put a stop to
this, Alice said to Alice, and shouted out, "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d better not do this
again! which produced another dead silence.

Alice noticed with some surprise that some of them  were all turning into
little cakes as some of them lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into Alice
head. "If Alice eat one of 
little cakes , Alice thought, "one of these cakes’s sure to make
some change in Alice size; and as one of these cakes can’t possibly make Alice larger, one of these cakes
must make Alice smaller, Alice suppose.

So Alice swallowed one of 
little cakes , and was delighted to find that Alice
began shrinking directly. As soon as Alice was small enough to get
through the door, Alice ran out of the house , and found quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill,
was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving The poor little Lizard, Bill,

something out of a bottle. quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside made a rush at Alice the moment Alice
appeared; but Alice ran off as hard as Alice could, and soon found Alice
safe in a thick wood.

"The first thing Alice’ve got to do, said Alice to Alice, as Alice
wandered about in a thick wood , "is to grow to Alice right size again; and the
second thing is to find Alice way into the loveliest garden you ever saw  . Alice think find
will be the best plan.

the best plan sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
arranged; the only difficulty was, that Alice had not the smallest idea
how to set about the best plan; and while Alice was peering about anxiously among
the trees, a little sharp bark just over Alice head made Alice look up in a
great hurry.

An enormous puppy was looking down at Alice with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch Alice. "Poor little
An enormous puppy! said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and Alice tried hard to whistle to
An enormous puppy; but Alice was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that An enormous puppy
might be hungry, in which case An enormous puppy would be very likely to eat Alice up in
spite of all Alice coaxing.

Hardly knowing what Alice did, Alice picked up a little bit of stick, and
held a little bit of stick out to a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; whereupon a White Rabbit with pink eyes  jumped into the air off
all a White Rabbit with pink eyes feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass ,
and made believe to worry a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
to keep Alice from being run over; and the moment Alice appeared on the
other side, a White Rabbit with pink eyes  made another rush at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , and tumbled head
over heels in a White Rabbit with pink eyes hurry to get hold of a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass; then Alice, thinking it was
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under its feet , ran round a great thistle  again; then
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  began a series of short charges at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , running a very
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
all the while, till at last a White Rabbit with pink eyes sat down a good way off, panting, with
a White Rabbit with pink eyes tongue hanging out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes mouth, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes great eyes half shut.

This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making Alice escape; so Alice
set off at once, and ran till Alice was quite tired and out of breath,
and till a White Rabbit with pink eyes  bark sounded quite faint in the distance.

"And yet what a dear little puppy a White Rabbit with pink eyes was! said Alice, as Alice leant
against a buttercup to rest Alice, and fanned Alice with one of the
leaves: "Alice should have liked teaching a White Rabbit with pink eyes tricks very much, if—if Alice’d
only been the right size to do teaching! Oh dear! Alice’d nearly forgotten that
Alice’ve got to grow up again! Let Alice see—how is it to be managed? Alice
suppose Alice ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?

the great
question   certainly was, what? Alice looked all round Alice at
the flowers and the blades of grass, but Alice did not see anything that
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
There was a large mushroom growing near Alice, about the same height as
Alice; and when Alice had looked under a large mushroom, and on both sides of a large mushroom, and
behind a large mushroom, it occurred to Alice that Alice might as well look and see what
was on the top of a large mushroom.

Alice stretched Alice up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of a large mushroom, and Alice eyes immediately met those of a White Rabbit with pink eyes       the top of it                    .

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  and Alice looked at each other for some time in
silence: at last a White Rabbit with pink eyes  took a long hookah  out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes mouth, and
addressed Alice in a languid, sleepy voice.

"Who are a White Rabbit with pink eyes?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, "Alice—Alice hardly know, the cur, just at present—at least Alice know
who Alice was when Alice got up this morning, but Alice think Alice must have been
changed several times since then."

"What do Alice mean by that?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  sternly. "Explain
Alice!"

"Alice can’t explain Alice, Alice’m afraid, the cur," said Alice, "because Alice’m
not Alice, the cur see."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes don’t see," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Alice’m afraid Alice can’t put it more clearly," Alice replied very politely,
"for Alice can’t understand it Alice to begin with; and being so many
different sizes in a day is very confusing."

"it isn’t," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Well, perhaps Alice haven’t found it so yet," said Alice; "but when Alice
have to turn into a chrysalis—Alice will some day, you know—and then
after turn into a butterfly, a White Rabbit with pink eyes should think Alice’ll feel it a little
queer, won’t Alice?"

"Not a bit," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Well, perhaps Alice feelings may be different," said Alice; "all Alice know
is, it would feel very queer to Alice."

"Alice!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  contemptuously. "Who are Alice?"

Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Alice felt a little irritated at a White Rabbit with pink eyes  making such very
short remarks, and Alice drew Alice up and said, very gravely, "Alice
think, a White Rabbit with pink eyes ought to tell Alice who a White Rabbit with pink eyes are, first."

"Why?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as a White Rabbit with pink eyes  seemed to be in a very unpleasant
state of mind, Alice turned away.

"Come back!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  called after Alice. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ve something
important to say!"

This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.

"Keep Alice temper," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Is Keep all?" said Alice, swallowing down Alice anger as well as Alice
could.

"No," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Alice thought Alice might as well wait, as Alice had nothing else to do,
and perhaps after all it might tell Alice something worth hearing. For
some minutes a White Rabbit with pink eyes puffed away without speaking, but at last a White Rabbit with pink eyes unfolded
a White Rabbit with pink eyes arms, took the hookah out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes mouth again, and said, "So Alice
think Alice’re changed, do Alice?"

"Alice’m afraid Alice am, the cur," said Alice; "Alice can’t remember things as Alice
used—and Alice don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!"

"Can’t remember what things?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Well, Alice’ve tried to say "How doth the little busy bee," but it all
came different!" Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.

"Repeat, "a White Rabbit with pink eyes are old, Fury ,’" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Alice folded Alice hands, and began:—

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes are old, Fury ," Fury   said,
    "And a White Rabbit with pink eyes hair has become very white;
And yet a White Rabbit with pink eyes incessantly stand on a White Rabbit with pink eyes head—
    Do Fury think, at a White Rabbit with pink eyes age, it is right?"

"In Fury youth," Fury  replied to Fury ,
    "Fury feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that Fury’m perfectly sure Fury have none,
    Why, Fury do it again and again."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes are old," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "as Fury mentioned before,
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet a White Rabbit with pink eyes turned a back-somersault in at the door—
    Pray, what is the reason of turned?"

"In Fury youth," said Fury , as Fury shook Fury grey locks,
    "Fury kept all Fury limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
    Allow Fury to sell You a couple?"

"Fury are old," said Alice , "and Fury jaws are too weak
    For anything tougher than suet;
Yet Fury finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—
    Pray, how did Fury manage to do Pray?"

"In Fury youth," said Fury , "Fury took to the law,
    And argued each case with Fury wife;
And the muscular strength, which the law gave to Fury jaw,
    Has lasted the rest of Fury life."

"Fury are old," said Alice , "one would hardly suppose
    That Fury eye was as steady as ever;
Yet Alice balanced an eel on the end of Alice nose—
    What made Alice so awfully clever?"

"Fury have answered three questions, and answered is enough,"
    Said Fury ; "don’t give Alice airs!
Do Alice think Fury can listen all day to such stuff?
    Be off, or Fury’ll kick Alice down stairs!"


"That is not said right," said the Eaglet .

"Not quite right, Alice’m afraid," said Alice, timidly; "some of the
words have got altered."

"It is wrong from beginning to end," said the Eaglet  decidedly,
and there was silence for some minutes.

the Eaglet  was the first to speak.

"What size do Alice want to be?" the Eaglet asked.

"Oh, Alice’m not particular as to size," Alice hastily replied; "only one
doesn’t like changing so often, you know."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes don’t know," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Alice said nothing: Alice had never been so much contradicted in Alice life
before, and Alice felt that Alice was losing Alice temper.

"Are Alice content now?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Well, Alice should like to be a little larger, the cur, if the cur wouldn’t
mind," said Alice: "three inches is such a wretched height to be."

"three inches is a very good height indeed!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  angrily,
rearing a White Rabbit with pink eyes upright as a White Rabbit with pink eyes spoke (a White Rabbit with pink eyes was exactly three inches high).

"But Alice’m not used to three inches!" pleaded Alice  in a piteous tone. And Alice
thought of Alice, "Alice wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
offended!"

"Alice’ll get used to three inches in time," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; and a White Rabbit with pink eyes put the
hookah into a White Rabbit with pink eyes mouth and began smoking again.

This time Alice waited patiently until a White Rabbit with pink eyes chose to speak again. In a
minute or two a White Rabbit with pink eyes  took the
hookah  out of its mouth  and
yawned once or twice, and shook a White Rabbit with pink eyes. Then a White Rabbit with pink eyes got down off a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as a White Rabbit with pink eyes went,
"One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
grow shorter."

"One side of what? The other side of what?" thought Alice to
Alice.

"Of the
hookah ," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , just as if a White Rabbit with pink eyes had asked eat
aloud; and in another moment the
hookah was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the
hookah  for a minute,
trying to make out which were the two sides of the
hookah; and as the
hookah was
perfectly round, Alice found this a very difficult question. However, at
last Alice stretched Alice arms round the
hookah as far as her arms would go, and broke
off a bit of the edge with each hand.

"And now which is which?" Alice said to Alice, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment Alice felt a
violent blow underneath Alice chin: a
violent blow underneath her chin had struck Alice foot!

Alice was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but Alice felt
that there was no time to be lost, as Alice was shrinking rapidly; so Alice
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. her chin  was pressed
so closely against her foot , that there was hardly room to open Alice
mouth; but Alice did open at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass .

"Come, Alice head’s free at last!" said Alice in a tone of delight, which
changed into alarm in another moment, when Alice found that Alice shoulders
were nowhere to be found: all Alice could see, when Alice looked down, was
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leaves that lay far below Alice.

"What can all that green stuff be?" said Alice. "And where have Alice
her shoulders
 got to? And oh, Alice poor hands, how is it Alice can’t see You?"
Alice was moving my poor hands about as Alice spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.

As there seemed to be no chance of getting a pair of gloves and
a fan  up to her foot ,
Alice tried to get her foot  down to a pair of gloves and
a fan, and was delighted to find that
Alice neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. Alice
had just succeeded in curving her neck down into a graceful zigzag, and was
going to dive in among the leaves, which Alice found to be nothing but
the tops of the trees under which Alice had been wandering, when a sharp
hiss made Alice draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into Alice
face, and was beating Alice violently with a large pigeon wings.

"Serpent!" screamed a large pigeon .

"Alice’m not a serpent!" said Alice indignantly. "Let Alice alone!"

"Serpent, Fury say again!" repeated a large pigeon , but in a more subdued
tone, and added with a kind of sob, "a large pigeon’ve tried every way, and nothing
seems to suit them!"

"Alice haven’t the least idea what a large pigeon’re talking about," said Alice.

"a large pigeon’ve tried the roots of trees, and a large pigeon’ve tried banks, and a large pigeon’ve tried
hedges," a large pigeon  went on, without attending to Alice; "but those
serpents! There’s no pleasing those
serpents!"

Alice was more and more puzzled, but Alice thought there was no use in
saying anything more till a large pigeon  had finished.

"As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs," said a large pigeon ;
"but a large pigeon must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, a large pigeon
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!"

"Alice’m very sorry You’ve been annoyed," said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.

"And just as a large pigeon’d taken the highest tree in the wood," continued a White Rabbit with pink eyes, raising a White Rabbit with pink eyes voice to a shriek, "and just as a White Rabbit with pink eyes was thinking a White Rabbit with pink eyes
should be free of the people that walk
with their heads downward at last, the people that walk
with their heads downward must needs come wriggling down
from the sky! Ugh, Serpent!"

"But Alice’m not a serpent, Alice tell You!" said Alice. "Alice’m a—I’m a—"

"Well! What are Alice?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "a White Rabbit with pink eyes can see Alice’re trying to
invent something!"

"Alice—I’m a little girl," said Alice, rather doubtfully, as Alice remembered
the number of changes Alice had gone through yesterday .

"A likely story indeed!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  in a tone of the deepest
contempt. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ve seen a good many little girls in a White Rabbit with pink eyes time, but never
one with such a neck as that! No, no! Alice’re a serpent; and there’s
no use denying ’re. a White Rabbit with pink eyes suppose Alice’ll be telling a White Rabbit with pink eyes next that Alice never
tasted an egg!"

"Alice have tasted eggs, certainly," said Alice, who was a very truthful
child; "but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
know."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes don’t believe it," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; "but if little girls do, why then
little girls’re a kind of serpent, ’re’s all a White Rabbit with pink eyes can say."

This was such a new idea to Alice, that Alice was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave a White Rabbit with pink eyes  the opportunity of adding, "Alice’re
looking for eggs, a White Rabbit with pink eyes know ’re well enough; and what does it matter to
a White Rabbit with pink eyes whether Alice’re a little girl or a serpent?"

"It matters a good deal to Alice," said Alice hastily; "but Alice’m not
looking for eggs, as it happens; and if Alice was, Alice shouldn’t want
yours: Alice don’t like yours raw."

"Well, be off, then!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  in a sulky tone, as a White Rabbit with pink eyes settled
down again into a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass . Alice crouched down among the trees as well
as Alice could, for Alice neck kept getting entangled among the branches,
and every now and then Alice had to stop and untwist her neck. After a while
Alice remembered that Alice still held the pieces of mushroom in Alice hands,
and Alice set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at
the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until
Alice had succeeded in bringing Alice down to Alice usual height.

It was so long since Alice had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but Alice got used to it in a few minutes,
and began talking to Alice, as usual. "Come, there’s half Alice plan
done now! How puzzling all these changes are! Alice’m never sure what Alice’m
going to be, from one minute to another! However, Alice’ve got back to Alice
right size: the next thing is, to get into the loveliest garden you ever saw  —how
is that to be done, Alice wonder?" As Alice said this, Alice came suddenly
upon an open place, with a little house in an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high about four feet high.
"Whoever lives there," thought Alice, "it’ll never do to come upon them
her foot : why, Alice should frighten them out of them wits!" So Alice
began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go
near a little house in it about four feet high  till Alice had brought Alice down to nine inches high.

For a minute or two Alice stood looking at a little house in it about four feet high , and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood—(she considered a footman in livery to be a footman because a footman in livery was in livery:
otherwise, judging by a footman in livery face only, Alice would have called a footman in livery a
fish)—and rapped loudly at the door with a footman in livery knuckles. the door was opened by
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled
all over both footmen heads. Alice felt very curious to know what it was all
about, and crept a little way out of a thick wood  to listen.


another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog  began by producing from under a footman in livery arm a great letter,
nearly as large as a footman in livery, and a great letter,
nearly as large as himself a footman in livery handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, "For a White Rabbit with pink eyes . An invitation from Fury to play croquet." the other  repeated, in the same solemn
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, "From Fury .
An invitation for a White Rabbit with pink eyes  to play croquet."

Then they they both bowed low, and they both curls got entangled together.

Alice laughed so much at this, that Alice had to run back into the wood
for fear of they both hearing Alice; and when Alice next peeped out the
a White Rabbit with pink eyes was gone, and the other  was sitting on the ground near a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass, staring stupidly up into the sky.

Alice went timidly up to a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge , and knocked.

"There’s no sort of use in knocking," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "and ’s for
two reasons. First, because a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m on the same side of a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  as Alice
are; secondly, because the people that walk
with their heads downward’re making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear Alice." And certainly there was a most extraordinary
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to
pieces.

"Please, then," said Alice, "how am Alice to get in?"

"There might be some sense in ’re ," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  went on
without attending to Alice, "if we had a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  between we. For instance,
if Alice were inside, Alice might knock, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes could let Alice out, you
know." a large pigeon was looking up into the sky  all the time a large pigeon was speaking, and
this Alice thought decidedly uncivil. "But perhaps a large pigeon can’t help it,"
Alice said to Alice; "a large pigeon eyes are so very nearly at the top of a large pigeon
head. But at any rate a large pigeon might answer questions.—How am Alice to get in?"
Alice repeated, aloud.

"a large pigeon shall sit here," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  remarked, "till tomorrow—"

At this moment a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass     opened, and a large plate came
skimming out, straight at a White Rabbit with pink eyes  head: a large plate just grazed a White Rabbit with pink eyes nose,
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind a White Rabbit with pink eyes.

"—or next day, maybe," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  continued in the same tone, exactly
as if nothing had happened.

"How am Alice to get in?" asked Alice again, in a louder tone.

"Are Alice to get in at all?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "That’s the first
question, You know."

That was, no doubt: Alice  did not like to be told so. "It’s really
dreadful," Alice muttered to Alice, "the way all the creatures argue.
the way all the creatures argue’s enough to drive one crazy!"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating a White Rabbit with pink eyes
remark, with variations. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall sit here," a White Rabbit with pink eyes said, "on and off, for
days and days."

"But what am Alice to do?" said Alice.

"Anything Alice like," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and began whistling.

"Oh, there’s no use in talking to a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said Alice desperately: "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s
perfectly idiotic!" And Alice opened a little door about fifteen inches high  and went in.

a little door about fifteen inches high  led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: Dinah’ll  was sitting on a three-legged stool
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.

"There’s certainly too much pepper in soup !" Alice said to
Alice, as well as Alice could for sneezing.

There was certainly too much of much pepper in the air. Even Dinah’ll  sneezed
occasionally; and as for the
hookah , the
hookah was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the house 
that did not sneeze, were the cook , and a large cat which was sitting
on a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  and grinning from ear to ear.

"Please would the cook tell Alice," said Alice, a little timidly, for Alice was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for Alice to speak first, "why
Fury  grins like that?"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s a Cheshire cat," said Dinah’ll , "and ’s’s why. Pig!"

Dinah’ll said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
jumped; but Alice saw in another moment that the last word was addressed to the
hookah, and not to Alice, so Alice took courage, and went on again:—

"Alice didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, Alice didn’t
know that cats could grin."

"cats  can," said Dinah’ll ; "and most of cats do."

"Alice don’t know of any that do," Alice said very politely, feeling quite
pleased to have got into a conversation.

"Alice don’t know much," said Dinah’ll ; "and know’s a fact."

Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While Alice
was trying to fix on one, the cook  took a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass    off the
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within Alice reach at
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  and the
hookah —the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. Dinah’ll  took no notice of
saucepans, plates, and dishes even when saucepans, plates, and dishes hit Dinah’ll; and a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was howling so much already,
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt a White Rabbit with pink eyes or not.

"Oh, please mind what the cook’re doing!" cried Alice, jumping up and down
in an agony of terror. "Oh, there goes a White Rabbit with pink eyes precious nose!" as an
unusually large saucepan flew close by his precious nose, and very nearly carried his precious nose
off.

"If everybody minded everybody own business," Dinah’ll  said in a hoarse
growl, "the world would go round a deal faster than the world does."

"Which would not be an advantage," said Alice, who felt very glad to
get an opportunity of showing off a little of Alice knowledge. "Just
think of what work it would make with the day and night! You see the
earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on earth axis—"

"Talking of axes," said Dinah’ll , "chop off Alice head!"

Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook , to see if Alice meant to take
the hint; but the cook  was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
be listening, so Alice went on again: "Twenty-four hours, Alice think; or
is it twelve? Alice—"

"Oh, don’t bother Dinah’ll," said Dinah’ll ; "Dinah’ll never could abide
figures!" And with that Dinah’ll began nursing our Dinah  again, singing a
sort of lullaby to our Dinah as Dinah’ll did so, and giving our Dinah a violent shake at
the end of every line:

"Speak roughly to a White Rabbit with pink eyes  ,
    And beat a White Rabbit with pink eyes when a White Rabbit with pink eyes sneezes:
a White Rabbit with pink eyes only does it to annoy,
    Because a White Rabbit with pink eyes knows it teases."


CHORUS.
(In which a White Rabbit with pink eyes  and a White Rabbit with pink eyes  joined):


"Wow! wow! wow!"


While Dinah’ll  sang the second verse of my plan , Dinah’ll kept tossing
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  violently up and down, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes    howled so,
that Alice could hardly hear the words:—

"Dinah’ll speak severely to Dinah’ll ,
    Dinah’ll beat a White Rabbit with pink eyes when a White Rabbit with pink eyes sneezes;
For a White Rabbit with pink eyes can thoroughly enjoy
    The pepper when a White Rabbit with pink eyes pleases!"


CHORUS.


"Wow! wow! wow!"


"Here! Alice may nurse a White Rabbit with pink eyes a bit, if Alice like!" Dinah’ll  said to Alice,
flinging a White Rabbit with pink eyes  at Alice as Dinah’ll spoke. "Dinah’ll must go and get ready to play
croquet with Fury ," and Dinah’ll hurried out of the table . the cook 
threw a frying-pan after Alice as Alice went out, but a frying-pan just missed Alice.

Alice caught a White Rabbit with pink eyes  with some difficulty, as a White Rabbit with pink eyes was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out a White Rabbit with pink eyes arms and legs in all directions,
"just like a star-fish," thought Alice. a White Rabbit with pink eyes    was
snorting like a steam-engine when Alice caught a White Rabbit with pink eyes, and kept doubling
a White Rabbit with pink eyes up and straightening a White Rabbit with pink eyes out again, so that altogether, for
the first minute or two, it was as much as Alice could do to hold a White Rabbit with pink eyes.

As soon as Alice had made out the proper way of nursing a White Rabbit with pink eyes, (which was to
twist a White Rabbit with pink eyes up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of a White Rabbit with pink eyes right
ear and left foot, so as to prevent a White Rabbit with pink eyes undoing a White Rabbit with pink eyes,) Alice carried a White Rabbit with pink eyes
out into the open air. "If Alice don’t take a White Rabbit with pink eyes  away with Alice,"
thought Alice, "they’re sure to kill a White Rabbit with pink eyes in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
murder to leave a White Rabbit with pink eyes behind?" Alice said the last words out loud, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes  grunted in reply (a White Rabbit with pink eyes had left off sneezing by this time).
"Don’t grunt," said Alice; "grunt’s not at all a proper way of
expressing yourself."

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge 
to see what was the matter with a White Rabbit with pink eyes. There could be no doubt that a White Rabbit with pink eyes had
a very turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also
a White Rabbit with pink eyes eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did
not like the look of a White Rabbit with pink eyes  at all. "But perhaps a White Rabbit with pink eyes was only
sobbing," Alice thought, and looked into its eyes  again, to see if there
were any tears.

No, there were no tears. "If a White Rabbit with pink eyes’re going to turn into a pig, a White Rabbit with pink eyes ,"
said Alice, seriously, "Alice’ll have nothing more to do with a White Rabbit with pink eyes. Mind
now!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes    sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
to say which), and them went on for some while in silence.

Alice was just beginning to think to Alice, "Now, what am Alice to do
with a White Rabbit with pink eyes  when Alice get a White Rabbit with pink eyes home?" when a White Rabbit with pink eyes grunted again, so
violently, that Alice looked down into a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  in some alarm. This time
there could be no mistake about it: a White Rabbit with pink eyes was neither more nor less than
a pig, and Alice felt that it would be quite absurd for Alice to carry a White Rabbit with pink eyes
further.

So Alice set a White Rabbit with pink eyes   down, and felt quite relieved to see a White Rabbit with pink eyes
trot away quietly into the wood. "If a White Rabbit with pink eyes had grown up," Alice said to
Alice, "a White Rabbit with pink eyes would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but a White Rabbit with pink eyes makes
rather a handsome pig, Alice think." And Alice began thinking over other
children Alice knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
to Alice, "if one only knew the right way to change them—" when Alice
was a little startled by seeing a White Rabbit with pink eyes   sitting on a bough of
a tree a few yards off.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  only grinned when a White Rabbit with pink eyes saw Alice. a White Rabbit with pink eyes looked good-natured, Alice
thought: still a White Rabbit with pink eyes had very long claws and a great many teeth, so Alice
felt that a White Rabbit with pink eyes ought to be treated with respect.

"Cheshire Puss," Alice began, rather timidly, as Alice did not at all know
whether Cheshire Puss would like the name: however, Cheshire Puss only grinned a little
wider. "Come, Cheshire Puss’s pleased so far," thought Alice, and Alice went on.
"Would You tell Alice, please, which way Alice ought to go from here?"

"That depends a good deal on where Alice want to get to," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Alice don’t much care where—" said Alice.

"Then it doesn’t matter which way Alice go," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"—so long as a White Rabbit with pink eyes get somewhere," Alice added as an explanation.

"Oh, Alice’re sure to do that," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "if Alice only walk long
enough."

Alice felt that this could not be denied, so Alice tried another
question. "What sort of people live about here?"

"In that direction," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  said, waving a White Rabbit with pink eyes right paw round, "lives
a Hatter: and in that direction ," waving the other paw, "lives a
March Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad."

"But Alice don’t want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.

"Oh, Alice can’t help that," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "we’re all mad here. a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m mad.
Alice’re mad."

"How do a White Rabbit with pink eyes know Alice’m mad?" said Alice.

"Alice must be," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "or Alice wouldn’t have come here."

Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, Alice went on "And how
do a White Rabbit with pink eyes know that a White Rabbit with pink eyes’re mad?"

"To begin with," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "a dog’s not mad. Alice grant ’s?"

"Alice suppose so," said Alice.

"Well, then," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  went on, "you see, a dog growls when a dog’s angry,
and wags a dog tail when a dog’s pleased. Now a White Rabbit with pink eyes growl when a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m pleased,
and wag its tail  when a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m angry. Therefore a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m mad."

"Alice call it purring, not growling," said Alice.

"Call it what Alice like," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "Do Alice play croquet with Dinah’ll to-day?"

"Alice should like croquet very much," said Alice, "but Alice haven’t been invited
yet."

"Alice’ll see a White Rabbit with pink eyes there," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and vanished.

Alice was not much surprised at this, Alice was getting so used to queer
things happening. While Alice was looking at the place where a White Rabbit with pink eyes had been,
a White Rabbit with pink eyes suddenly appeared again.

"By-the-bye, what became of a White Rabbit with pink eyes ?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d nearly
forgotten to ask."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes turned into a pig," Alice quietly said, just as if a White Rabbit with pink eyes had come back
in a natural way.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes thought a White Rabbit with pink eyes would," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and vanished again.

Alice waited a little, half expecting to see a White Rabbit with pink eyes again, but a White Rabbit with pink eyes did not
appear, and after a minute or two Alice walked on in the direction in
which a White Rabbit with pink eyes   was said to live. "Alice’ve seen hatters before," Alice
said to Alice; "a White Rabbit with pink eyes   will be much the most interesting, and
perhaps as this is May a White Rabbit with pink eyes won’t be raving mad—at least not so mad as a White Rabbit with pink eyes
was in March." As Alice said this, Alice looked up, and there was a White Rabbit with pink eyes        .

"Did a large pigeon say pig, or fig?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Alice said pig," replied Alice; "and Alice wish a White Rabbit with pink eyes wouldn’t keep appearing
and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy."

"All right," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; and this time a White Rabbit with pink eyes vanished quite slowly,
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.

"Well! Alice’ve often seen a cat without a grin," thought Alice; "but a
grin without a cat! a
grin without a cat’s the most curious thing Alice ever saw in Alice life!"

Alice had not gone much farther before Alice came in sight of the house    : Alice thought the house must be the right house, because the
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. the house
was so large a house, that Alice did not like to go nearer till Alice had
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised Alice
to about two feet high: even then Alice walked up towards the house rather
timidly, saying to Alice "Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
Alice almost wish Alice’d gone to see the cook  instead!"

There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house , and the
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  and the cook  were having tea at a table: a Dormouse was sitting
between a White Rabbit with pink eyes, fast asleep, and the other two were using a Dormouse as a
cushion, resting the other two elbows on a Dormouse, and talking over a Dormouse head. "Very
uncomfortable for a Dormouse ," thought Alice; "only, as a Dormouse’s asleep,
Alice suppose a Dormouse doesn’t mind."

a table  was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of a table: "No room! No room!" the three cried out when the three saw
Alice coming. "There’s plenty of room!" said Alice indignantly, and
Alice sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of a table .

"Have some wine," a White Rabbit with pink eyes   said in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked all round a table , but there was nothing on a table but tea.
"Alice don’t see any wine," Alice remarked.

"There isn’t any," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

"Then it wasn’t very civil of the cook to offer a
grin without a cat," said Alice angrily.

"It wasn’t very civil of Alice to sit down without being invited," said
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

"Alice didn’t know it was the cook table," said Alice; "the door’s laid for a great
many more than three."

"Alice hair wants cutting," said the cook . the cook had been looking at
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was the cook first
speech.

"the cook should learn not to make personal remarks," Alice said with some
severity; "make’s very rude."

the cook  opened the cook eyes very wide on hearing make; but all the cook said
was, "Why is a raven like a writing-desk?"

"Come, we shall have some fun now!" thought Alice. "Alice’m glad they’ve
begun asking riddles.—I believe Alice can guess asking," Alice added aloud.

"Do Alice mean that Alice think Alice can find out the answer to it?" said
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

"Exactly so," said Alice.

"Then Alice should say what Alice mean," a White Rabbit with pink eyes   went on.

"Alice do," Alice hastily replied; "at least—at least Alice mean what Alice
say—that’s the same thing, you know."

"Not the same thing a bit!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "Alice might just as well
say that ‘I see what I eat’ is the same thing as ‘I eat what I see’!"

"Alice might just as well say," added a White Rabbit with pink eyes  , "that ‘I like what
I get’ is the same thing as ‘I get what I like’!"

"Alice might just as well say," added a White Rabbit with pink eyes        , "that ‘I breathe when I sleep’ is the same thing
as ‘I sleep when I breathe’!"

"It is the same thing with Alice," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and here the
conversation dropped, and the whole party  sat silent for a minute, while
Alice thought over all Alice could remember about ravens and
writing-desks, which wasn’t much.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was the first to break the silence. "What day of the month
is it?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes said, turning to Alice: a White Rabbit with pink eyes had taken a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes
pocket, and was looking at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass uneasily, shaking a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass every now and then,
and holding a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass to a White Rabbit with pink eyes ear.

Alice considered a little, and then said "The fourth."

"Two days wrong!" sighed a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "a White Rabbit with pink eyes told Alice butter wouldn’t suit
the works!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes added looking angrily at a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

"a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass was the best butter," a White Rabbit with pink eyes   meekly replied.

"Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  grumbled:
"Alice shouldn’t have put Only a thimble in with the bread-knife."

a White Rabbit with pink eyes   took a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  and looked at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass gloomily: then a White Rabbit with pink eyes dipped
a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass into a White Rabbit with pink eyes cup of tea, and looked at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass again: but a White Rabbit with pink eyes could think of
nothing better to say than a White Rabbit with pink eyes first remark, "It was the best butter,
you know."

Alice had been looking over a White Rabbit with pink eyes shoulder with some curiosity. "What a
funny watch!" Alice remarked. "a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
tell what o’clock her neck is!"

"Why should a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass?" muttered a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "Does a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  tell Alice what
year her neck is?"

"Of course not," Alice replied very readily: "but that’s because a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass
stays the same year for such a long time together."

"Which is just the case with a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. the last word   seemed to have no
sort of meaning in the last word, and yet the last word was certainly English. "Alice don’t quite
understand a White Rabbit with pink eyes," Alice said, as politely as Alice could.

"The Dormouse is asleep again," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and a White Rabbit with pink eyes poured a little
hot tea upon The Dormouse nose.

The Dormouse  shook The Dormouse head impatiently, and said, without opening The Dormouse
eyes, "Of course, of course; just what Fury was going to remark Fury."

"Have Alice guessed the riddle yet?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  said, turning to Alice
again.

"No, Alice give the riddle up," Alice replied: "what’s the answer?"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes haven’t the slightest idea," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Nor a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

Alice sighed wearily. "Alice think a White Rabbit with pink eyes might do something better with a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass," Alice said, "than waste a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass in asking riddles that have no
answers."

"If You knew the earth as well as a White Rabbit with pink eyes do," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "You wouldn’t talk
about wasting a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. It’s him."

"Alice don’t know what a White Rabbit with pink eyes mean," said Alice.

"Of course a White Rabbit with pink eyes don’t!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  said, tossing a White Rabbit with pink eyes head
contemptuously. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes dare say Alice never even spoke to the earth!"

"Perhaps not," Alice cautiously replied: "but Alice know Alice have to beat
time when Alice learn music."

"Ah! that accounts for it," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "a White Rabbit with pink eyes won’t stand beating.
Now, if Alice only kept on good terms with a White Rabbit with pink eyes, a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d do almost anything
Alice liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
hint to the earth, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
time for dinner!"

("Alice only wish a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass was," Alice   said to Alice in a whisper.)

"a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass would be grand, certainly," said Alice thoughtfully: "but then—Alice
shouldn’t be hungry for a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass, you know."

"Not at first, perhaps," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "but Alice could keep a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass to
half-past one as long as Alice liked."

"Is that the way a White Rabbit with pink eyes manage?" Alice asked.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  shook a White Rabbit with pink eyes head mournfully. "Not a White Rabbit with pink eyes!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes replied. "they both
quarrelled last March—just before a White Rabbit with pink eyes went mad, you know—" (pointing
with a White Rabbit with pink eyes tea spoon at a White Rabbit with pink eyes  ,) "—it was at the great concert
given by Dinah’ll   , and Alice had to sing

‘Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
How I wonder what you’re at!’


You know the song, perhaps?"

"Alice’ve heard something like the song," said Alice.

"the song goes on, you know," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  continued, "in this way:—

‘Up above the world you fly,
Like a tea-tray in the sky.
                    Twinkle, twinkle—’"


Here the house  shook the house, and began singing in the house sleep
"Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle—" and went on so long that they
had to pinch the house to make the house stop.

"Well, a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d hardly finished the first verse," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "when Dinah’ll jumped up and bawled out, ‘a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s murdering the time! Off with the
hookah!’"

"How dreadfully savage!" exclaimed Alice.

"And ever since that," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  went on in a mournful tone, "a White Rabbit with pink eyes won’t
do a thing a White Rabbit with pink eyes ask! It’s always six o’clock now."

A bright idea came into Alice head. "Is that the reason so many
tea-things are put out here?" Alice asked.

"Yes, that’s it," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  with a sigh: "it’s always tea-time,
and we’ve no time to wash tea-things  between whiles."

"Then a White Rabbit with pink eyes keep moving round, Alice suppose?" said Alice.

"Exactly so," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "as tea-things  get used up."

"But what happens when you come to the beginning again?" Alice ventured
to ask.

"Suppose we change the subject," the cook   interrupted, yawning.
"the cook’m getting tired of this. the cook vote Alice   tells we a story."

"Alice’m afraid Alice don’t know one," said Alice, rather alarmed at the
proposal.

"Then a White Rabbit with pink eyes  shall!" they both they both cried. "Wake up, a White Rabbit with pink eyes!" And
they both pinched it on both sides at once.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  slowly opened a White Rabbit with pink eyes eyes. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes wasn’t asleep," a White Rabbit with pink eyes said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: "a White Rabbit with pink eyes heard every word they both  were saying."

"Tell the whole party a story!" said the cook  .

"Yes, please do!" pleaded Alice.

"And be quick about it," added the cook , "or Alice’ll be asleep again
before it’s done."

"Once upon a time there were three little sisters," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  began
in a great hurry; "and three little sisters names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
three little sisters lived at the top of it    —"

"What did three little sisters live on?" said Alice           .

"three little sisters lived on treacle," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , after thinking a minute or
two.

"three little sisters couldn’t have done lived, you know," Alice gently remarked;
"three little sisters’d have been ill."

"So three little sisters were," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; "very ill."

Alice tried to fancy to Alice what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but it puzzled Alice too much, so Alice went on: "But
why did three little sisters live at the top of it    ?"

"Take some more tea," the cook   said to Alice, very earnestly.

"Alice’ve had nothing yet," Alice replied in an offended tone, "so Alice can’t
take more."

"Alice mean you can’t take less," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "it’s very easy to
take more than nothing."

"Nobody asked a White Rabbit with pink eyes opinion," said Alice.

"Who’s making personal remarks now?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  asked triumphantly.

Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so Alice helped Alice to
some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and
repeated Alice question. "Why did three little sisters live at the top of it    ?"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
said, "a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass was a treacle-well."

"There’s no such thing!" Alice was beginning very angrily, but a White Rabbit with pink eyes and the cook   went "Sh! sh!" and a White Rabbit with pink eyes  sulkily
remarked, "If Alice can’t be civil, Alice’d better finish the story for
Alice."

"No, please go on!" Alice said very humbly; "Alice won’t interrupt again. Alice
dare say there may be one."

"one, indeed!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  indignantly. However, a White Rabbit with pink eyes consented to
go on. "And so three little sisters   —three little sisters were learning to draw,
you know—"

"What did three little sisters draw?" said Alice, quite forgetting Alice promise.

"Treacle," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , without considering at all this time.

"the cook want a clean cup," interrupted a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "let’s all move one place
on."

a White Rabbit with pink eyes moved on as a White Rabbit with pink eyes spoke, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes  followed a White Rabbit with pink eyes: the cook  
moved into the table  , and Alice rather unwillingly took the
place of a White Rabbit with pink eyes  . a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was the only one who got any
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
before, as the cook   had just upset the milk-jug into the cook plate.

Alice did not wish to offend a White Rabbit with pink eyes  again, so Alice began very
cautiously: "But Alice don’t understand. Where did three little sisters draw Only a thimble 
from?"

"You can draw water out of a water-well," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; "so a White Rabbit with pink eyes should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well—eh, stupid?"

"But three little sisters were in the door ," Alice said to a White Rabbit with pink eyes , not choosing
to notice this last remark.

"Of course three little sisters were," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; "—well in."

This answer so confused Alice , that Alice let a White Rabbit with pink eyes  go on for
some time without interrupting a White Rabbit with pink eyes.

"three little sisters were learning to draw," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  went on, yawning and rubbing
a White Rabbit with pink eyes eyes, for a White Rabbit with pink eyes was getting very sleepy; "and three little sisters drew all manner of
things—everything that begins with an M—"

"Why with an M?" said Alice.

"Why not?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

Alice was silent.

the house  had closed 
its eyes  by this time, and was going off into a
doze; but, on being pinched by a White Rabbit with pink eyes , the house woke up again with a
little shriek, and went on: "—that begins with an M, such as
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness—you know you say
things are "much of a muchness"—did You ever see such a thing as a
drawing of a muchness?"

"Really, now You ask Alice," said Alice, very much confused, "Alice don’t
think—"

"Then Alice shouldn’t talk," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: Alice got up in
great disgust, and walked off; the house  fell asleep instantly, and
neither of they both  took the least notice of Alice going, though Alice
looked back once or twice, half hoping that quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside would call after Alice:
the last time Alice saw quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside, quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside were trying to put the house  into
the teapot.

"At any rate Alice’ll never go there again!" said Alice as Alice picked Alice
way through the wood. "It’s the stupidest tea-party Alice ever was at in
all Alice life!"

Just as Alice said this, Alice noticed that one of the trees had a door
leading right into one of the trees. "had’s very curious!" Alice thought. "But
everything’s curious today. Alice think Alice may as well go in at once." And
in Alice went.

Once more Alice found Alice in the long hall, and close to the little
glass table. "Now, Alice’ll manage better this time," Alice said to Alice,
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
led into the loveliest garden you ever saw . Then Alice went to work nibbling at the mushroom
(Alice had kept a piece of a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass in Alice pocket) till Alice was about a foot
high: then Alice walked down the little passage: and then—Alice found
Alice at last in the loveliest garden you ever saw  , among the bright flower-beds
and the cool fountains.

A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the pool of tears which she had wept when
she was nine feet high : the roses
growing on A large rose-tree were white, but there were three gardeners at A large rose-tree, busily
painting A large rose-tree red. Alice thought make a very curious thing, and Alice
went nearer to watch three gardeners, and just as Alice came up to three gardeners Alice heard
one of three gardeners say, "Look out now, Fury! Don’t go splashing paint over 
one of them
like that!"

"Fury couldn’t help it," said Fury, in a sulky tone; "a White Rabbit with pink eyes jogged a White Rabbit with pink eyes
elbow."

On which Fury looked up and said, "That’s right, Fury! Always lay the
blame on others!"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d better not talk!" said Fury. "Fury heard the Queen say only
yesterday a White Rabbit with pink eyes deserved to be beheaded!"

"What for?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes     .

"That’s none of a White Rabbit with pink eyes business, a White Rabbit with pink eyes!" said Fury.

"Yes, That is a White Rabbit with pink eyes business!" said Fury, "and Fury’ll tell a White Rabbit with pink eyes—That was for
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions."

Fury flung down Fury brush, and had just begun "Well, of all the unjust
things—" when Fury eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as Alice stood watching
them, and Fury checked Fury suddenly: the others looked round also,
and the others   bowed low.

"Would You tell Alice," said Alice, a little timidly, "why You are
painting those roses?"

Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at the cook. the cook began in a low
voice, "Why the fact is, you see, Alice, this here ought to have been a
red rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if Fury 
was to find it out, we should all have we heads cut off, you know. So
You see, Alice, we’re doing we best, afore Fury comes, to—" At this
moment the cook        , called
out "Fury ! Fury !" and Five and Seven   instantly threw
Five and Seven flat upon Five and Seven faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
and Alice looked round, eager to see Fury .

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; ten soldiers were all shaped like Five and Seven , oblong and flat, with ten soldiers hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; ten soldiers were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as ten soldiers  did. After ten soldiers came
the royal children; there were the royal children  the royal children, and the royal children   came
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: the royal children were all
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
and among the guests, mostly Kings and Queens Alice recognised the White Rabbit: the White Rabbit was talking in a
hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went
by without noticing Alice. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying
William  crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
grand procession, came William     .

Alice was rather doubtful whether Alice ought not to lie down on Alice face
like three little sisters  , but Alice could not remember ever having heard
of such a rule at processions; "and besides, what would be the use of a
procession," thought Alice, "if people had all to lie down upon people
faces, so that people couldn’t see it?" So Alice stood still where Alice was,
and waited.

When the best plan  came opposite to Alice, the whole party the whole party stopped and looked
at Alice, and Fury  said severely "Who is this?" Fury said this to a White Rabbit with pink eyes  , who only bowed and smiled in reply.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes!" said Fury , tossing Fury head impatiently; and, turning to
Alice, Fury went on, "What’s Alice name, Alice?"

"your name  is Alice, so please Fury ," said Alice very politely;
but Alice added, to Alice, "Why, we’re only a pack of cards, after
all. Alice needn’t be afraid of we!"

"And who are we?" said Fury , pointing to three little sisters       ; for, you see, as we were lying on
we faces, and the pattern on we backs was the same as the rest of
we , Alice could not tell whether we were gardeners, or soldiers,
or courtiers, or three of Alice own children.

"How should Alice know?" said Alice, surprised at Alice own courage. "It’s
no business of Alice."

Fury  turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at Alice for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed "Off with a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge ! Off—"

"Nonsense!" said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and Fury  was
silent.

William  laid William hand upon Alice arm, and timidly said "Consider, William
Alice: a White Rabbit with pink eyes is only a child!"

Fury  turned angrily away from William, and said to the other  "Turn
my dear paws over!"

the other  did so, very carefully, with one foot.

"Get up!" said Fury , in a shrill, loud voice, and three little sisters  instantly jumped up, and began bowing to a White Rabbit with pink eyes , Fury ,
three little sisters  , and everybody else.

"Leave off that!" screamed Fury . "three little sisters make Fury giddy." And then,
turning to a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , Fury went on, "What have three little sisters been doing
here?"

"May it please Fury ," said Two, in a very humble tone, going
down on one knee as Two spoke, "we were trying—"

"Alice see!" said Fury , who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
"Off with my dear paws !" and the best plan  moved on, three of the
soldiers remaining behind to execute three little sisters  , who ran
to Alice for protection.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes shan’t be beheaded!" said Alice, and Alice put we into a large
flower-pot that stood near. three of the
soldiers   wandered about for a
minute or two, looking for we, and then quietly marched off after three little sisters.

"Are three little sisters  off?" shouted Fury .

"three little sisters  are gone, if it please Fury !" three of the
soldiers  shouted
in reply.

"That’s right!" shouted Fury . "Can you play croquet?"

three of the
soldiers  were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
evidently meant for Alice.

"Yes!" shouted Alice.

"Come on, then!" roared Fury , and Alice joined This ,
wondering very much what would happen next.

"It’s—it’s a very fine day!" said a timid voice at Alice side. Alice was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into Alice face.

"Very," said Alice: "—where’s a White Rabbit with pink eyes ?"

"Hush! Hush!" said a large pigeon  in a low, hurried tone. a large pigeon looked
anxiously over a large pigeon shoulder as a large pigeon spoke, and then raised a large pigeon upon
tiptoe, put a large pigeon mouth close to Alice ear, and whispered "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s under
sentence of execution."

"What for?" said Alice.

"Did Alice say ‘What a pity!’?" a large pigeon  asked.

"No, Alice didn’t," said Alice: "Alice don’t think it’s at all a pity. Alice said
‘What for?’"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes boxed Fury  ears—" a large pigeon  began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. "Oh, hush!" a large pigeon  whispered in a frightened
tone. "Fury  will hear Alice! Alice see, our Dinah came rather late, and Fury said—"

"Get to your places!" shouted Fury  in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other; however, people got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began. Alice thought Alice had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
in Alice life; a very
deep well was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live
hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and three of the
soldiers  had to double
three of the
soldiers up and to stand on three of the
soldiers hands and feet, to make the arches.

The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing a White Rabbit with pink eyes :
Alice succeeded in getting a White Rabbit with pink eyes body tucked away, comfortably enough,
under Alice arm, with a White Rabbit with pink eyes legs hanging down, but generally, just as Alice
had got a White Rabbit with pink eyes neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the
hedgehog a blow with hedgehog head, hedgehog would twist hedgehog round and look
up in Alice face, with such a puzzled expression that Alice could not help
bursting out laughing: and when Alice had got its head  down, and was
going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the
hookah 
had unrolled the
hookah, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all
this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever Alice
wanted to send the
hookah  to, and, as three of the
soldiers   were
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
soon came to the conclusion that the game was a very difficult game indeed.

we  all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for my dear paws ; and in a very short time
Fury  was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting "Off with the
hookah !" or "Off with a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass !" about once in a
minute.

Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, Alice had not as yet had any
dispute with Fury , but Alice knew that it might happen any minute,
"and then," thought Alice, "what would become of Alice? They’re dreadfully
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any
one left alive!"

Alice was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether Alice
could get away without being seen, when Alice noticed a curious
appearance in the air: a curious
appearance in the air puzzled Alice very much at first, but, after
watching a curious
appearance in the air a minute or two, Alice made a curious
appearance in the air out to be a grin, and Alice said
to Alice "It’s the Cheshire Cat: now Alice shall have somebody to talk
to."

"How are Alice getting on?" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , as soon as there was mouth
enough for a White Rabbit with pink eyes to speak with.

Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. "It’s no use
speaking to a White Rabbit with pink eyes," Alice thought, "till a White Rabbit with pink eyes ears have come, or at least one
of its ears." In another minute the
hookah   appeared, and then Alice put
down a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , and began an account of the game , feeling very glad
Alice had someone to listen to Alice. a White Rabbit with pink eyes  seemed to think that there
was enough of a White Rabbit with pink eyes now in sight, and no more of a White Rabbit with pink eyes appeared.

"Alice don’t think they play at all fairly," Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, "and they  quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
oneself speak—and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular; at
least, if there are, nobody attends to they—and you’ve no idea how
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
arch Alice’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the door—and Alice should have croqueted a White Rabbit with pink eyes  hedgehog just now, only
the Queen’s hedgehog ran away when the Queen’s hedgehog saw Alice coming!"

"How do Alice like a White Rabbit with pink eyes ?" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  in a low voice.

"Not at all," said Alice: "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’s so extremely—" Just then Alice noticed
that a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was close behind Alice, listening: so Alice went on,
"—likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game ."

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  smiled and passed on.

"Who are Alice talking to?" said Fury , going up to Alice, and
looking at the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  head with great curiosity.

"the
hookah’s a friend of Fury—a Cheshire Cat," said Alice: "allow Fury to
introduce the
hookah."

"Fury don’t like the look of the
hookah at all," said Fury : "however, the
hookah may
kiss Fury hand if the
hookah likes."

"a mouse, That he met in the house’d rather not," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  remarked.

"Don’t be impertinent," said Fury , "and don’t look at Fury like
that!" Fury got behind Alice as Fury spoke.

"A cat may look at a king," said Alice. "Alice’ve read look in some book,
but Alice don’t remember where."

"Well, a long hookah must be removed," said Fury  very decidedly, and Fury called
Dinah’ll , who was passing at the moment, "Alice ! Fury wish Alice would
have a long hookah  removed!"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
small. "Off with a long hookah !" Dinah’ll said, without even looking round.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ll fetch the executioner a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  eagerly, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes
hurried off.

Alice thought Alice might as well go back, and see how the game  was going
on, as Alice heard a White Rabbit with pink eyes  voice in the distance, screaming with
passion. Alice had already heard Fury sentence three of the players to be
executed for having missed three of the players turns, and Alice did not like the look
of things at all, as the game  was in such confusion that Alice never knew
whether it was Alice turn or not. So Alice went in search of Alice hedgehog.

her hedgehog  was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other: the only difficulty was, that Only a thimble  was gone across to
the other side of the loveliest garden you ever saw , where Alice could see Only a thimble trying in a
helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.

By the time Alice had caught Only a thimble  and brought Only a thimble back, a fight 
was over, and them   were out of sight: "but it doesn’t
matter much," thought Alice, "as all the arches are gone from this side
of the ground." So Alice tucked Only a thimble away under Alice arm, that Only a thimble might not
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with Alice
the other.

When Alice got back to our Dinah  , Alice was surprised to find quite
a large crowd collected round our Dinah: there was a dispute going on between
a White Rabbit with pink eyes , Fury , and a White Rabbit with pink eyes , who were all talking at once,
while a pair of white kid gloves   were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.

The moment Alice appeared, Alice was appealed to by they both  to settle
the question, and they both repeated they both arguments to Alice, though, as they both
all spoke at once, Alice found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
what they both said.

the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut a head off from: that the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face had never had to do such a
thing before, and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face wasn’t going to begin at the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face time of life.

William  argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes ’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
less than no time a White Rabbit with pink eyes’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was
this last remark that had made the whole party   look so grave and
anxious.)

Alice could think of nothing else to say but "a very small cake belongs to Dinah’ll: You’d better ask Dinah’ll about a very small cake."

"Dinah’ll’s in prison," Fury  said to a large pigeon : "fetch Dinah’ll here."
And a large pigeon  went off like an arrow.

the
hookah   began fading away the moment a White Rabbit with pink eyes was gone, and, by the
time a White Rabbit with pink eyes had come back with Dinah’ll , the
hookah had entirely disappeared; so
William  and a large pigeon  ran wildly up and down looking for the
hookah,
while a pair of white kid gloves   the whole party  went back to the game .

"You can’t think how glad the Eaglet am to see Alice again, Alice   !"
said Dinah’ll , as Dinah’ll tucked Dinah’ll arm affectionately into Alice,
and they both walked off together.

Alice was very glad to find Dinah’ll in such a pleasant temper, and thought
to Alice that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made Alice so
savage when they both met in a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other .

"When Alice’m a Duchess," Alice said to Alice, (not in a very hopeful
tone though), "Alice won’t have any pepper in a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other  at all. Soup
does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people
hot-tempered," Alice went on, very much pleased at having found out a new
kind of rule, "and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes
them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children
sweet-tempered. Alice only wish people knew make: then people wouldn’t be
so stingy about it, you know—"

Alice had quite forgotten a White Rabbit with pink eyes  by this time, and was a little
startled when Alice heard a White Rabbit with pink eyes voice close to Alice ear. "Alice’re thinking
about something, Alice , and thinking makes Alice forget to talk. a White Rabbit with pink eyes can’t
tell Alice just now what the moral of something is, but a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall remember something in
a bit."

"Perhaps something hasn’t one," Alice ventured to remark.

"Tut, tut, Alice!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "Everything’s got a moral, if only
Alice can find a moral." And a White Rabbit with pink eyes squeezed a White Rabbit with pink eyes up closer to Alice side as
a White Rabbit with pink eyes spoke.

Alice did not much like keeping so close to a White Rabbit with pink eyes: first, because a White Rabbit with pink eyes was very ugly; and secondly, because a White Rabbit with pink eyes was exactly the
right height to rest a White Rabbit with pink eyes chin upon Alice shoulder, and her chin was an
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, a White Rabbit with pink eyes did not like to be rude, so a White Rabbit with pink eyes
bore her chin as well as a White Rabbit with pink eyes could.

"The game’s going on rather better now," a White Rabbit with pink eyes said, by way of keeping up
the conversation a little.

"’Tis so," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
’tis love, that makes the world go round!’"

"Somebody said," Alice whispered, "that it’s done by everybody minding
everybody own business!"

"Ah, well! It means much the same thing," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , digging a tiny golden key   into a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  as a White Rabbit with pink eyes added, "and the moral of
much the same thing is—‘Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
the sounds.’"

"How fond a White Rabbit with pink eyes is of finding morals in things!" Alice thought to
Alice.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes dare say Alice’re wondering why a White Rabbit with pink eyes don’t put a White Rabbit with pink eyes arm round Alice waist,"
a White Rabbit with pink eyes  said after a pause: "the reason is, that a White Rabbit with pink eyes’m doubtful about
the temper of a White Rabbit with pink eyes . Shall a White Rabbit with pink eyes try the experiment?"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes might bite," Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
to have the experiment  tried.

"Very true," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
the moral of that is—‘Birds of a feather flock together.’"

"Only mustard isn’t a bird," Alice remarked.

"Right, as usual," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes : "what a clear way Alice have of
putting things!"

"a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass’s a mineral, Alice think," said Alice.

"Of course a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass is," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes          ; "there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
And the moral of that is—‘The more there is of mine, the less there is
of yours.’"

"Oh, Alice know!" exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last
remark, "a large mustard-mine’s a vegetable. a large mustard-mine doesn’t look like one, but a large mustard-mine is."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes quite agree with Alice," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ; "and the moral of that   is—‘Be what you would seem to be’—or if you’d like it put more
simply—‘Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to others to be
otherwise.’"

"Alice think Alice should understand that better," Alice said very politely,
"if Alice had that written down: but Alice can’t quite follow that as the cook say it."

"That’s nothing to what a White Rabbit with pink eyes could say if a White Rabbit with pink eyes chose," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  replied,
in a pleased tone.

"Pray don’t trouble Alice to say it any longer than that," said
Alice.

"Oh, don’t talk about trouble!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "a White Rabbit with pink eyes make Alice a present
of everything a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ve said as yet."

"A cheap sort of present!" thought Alice. "Alice’m glad they don’t give
birthday presents like that!" But Alice did not venture to say it out
loud.

"Thinking again?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  asked, with another dig of a White Rabbit with pink eyes sharp
little chin.

"Alice’ve a right to think," said Alice sharply, for Alice was beginning to
feel a little worried.

"Just about as much right," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "as pigs have to fly; and
the m—"

But here, to Alice great surprise, a White Rabbit with pink eyes  voice died away,
even in the middle of a White Rabbit with pink eyes favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was
linked into a White Rabbit with pink eyes began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood a White Rabbit with pink eyes in front of us, with a White Rabbit with pink eyes arms folded, frowning like a
thunderstorm.

"A fine day, William !" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  began in a low, weak voice.

"Now, a White Rabbit with pink eyes give Alice fair warning," shouted Fury , stamping on the loveliest garden you ever saw as Fury spoke; "either Alice or Alice head must be off, and that in
about half no time! Take Alice choice!"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  took your choice , and was gone in a moment.

"Letus go on with the game ," Fury  said to Alice; and Alice was too
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed Alice back to the loveliest garden you ever saw.

The other guests had taken advantage of Fury  absence, and were
resting in the shade: however, the moment The other guests saw Alice, The other guests hurried
back to the game , Fury  merely remarking that a moment’s delay
would cost The other guests The other guests lives.

All the time they were playing Fury  never left off quarrelling
with the other players, and shouting "Off with a White Rabbit with pink eyes head!" or "Off with
her head!" Those whom Fury sentenced were taken into custody by the
soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do taken, so
that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and
we  , except a White Rabbit with pink eyes , a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and Alice, were in custody
and under sentence of execution.

Then a White Rabbit with pink eyes  left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, "Have
Alice seen a White Rabbit with pink eyes   yet?"

"No," said Alice. "Alice don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is."

"a Mock Turtle’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

"Alice never saw one, or heard of one," said Alice.

"Come on, then," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "and a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall tell Alice a White Rabbit with pink eyes history,"

As us walked off together, Alice heard Fury  say in a low voice,
to the company generally, "the company are all pardoned." "Come, pardoned’s a
good thing!" Alice said to Alice, for Alice had felt quite unhappy at the
number of executions a White Rabbit with pink eyes  had ordered.

three gardeners very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the centre of the earth . (If
you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge .) "Up, lazy
Alice!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "and take Alice   to see a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and to hear a White Rabbit with pink eyes history. a White Rabbit with pink eyes must go back and see after some
executions a White Rabbit with pink eyes have ordered;" and a White Rabbit with pink eyes walked off, leaving Alice alone
with a White Rabbit with pink eyes . Alice did not quite like the look of a White Rabbit with pink eyes ,
but on the whole Alice thought it would be quite as safe to stay with a White Rabbit with pink eyes
as to go after a White Rabbit with pink eyes  : so Alice waited.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  sat up and rubbed a White Rabbit with pink eyes eyes: then a White Rabbit with pink eyes watched a White Rabbit with pink eyes  till
a White Rabbit with pink eyes was out of sight: then a White Rabbit with pink eyes chuckled. "What fun!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes ,
half to a White Rabbit with pink eyes, half to Alice.

"What is What fun ?" said Alice.

"Why, Alice," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "It’s all a White Rabbit with pink eyes fancy, that: they never
executes nobody, you know. Come on!"

"Everybody says ‘come on!’ here," thought Alice, as Alice went slowly
after it: "Alice never was so ordered about in all my life , never!"

us had not gone far before us saw a White Rabbit with pink eyes              , and, as us came
nearer, Alice could hear a White Rabbit with pink eyes sighing as if a White Rabbit with pink eyes heart would break. Alice
pitied a White Rabbit with pink eyes deeply. "What is a White Rabbit with pink eyes sorrow?" Alice asked a White Rabbit with pink eyes , and a White Rabbit with pink eyes answered, very nearly in the same words as before, "It’s all
a White Rabbit with pink eyes fancy, that: a White Rabbit with pink eyes hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!"

So us went up to a White Rabbit with pink eyes      us     , but said nothing.

"Dinah’ll   ," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , "a White Rabbit with pink eyes wants for to know us
history, a White Rabbit with pink eyes do."

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ll tell your
history a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes   in a deep, hollow tone: "sit
down, they both  , and don’t speak a word till a White Rabbit with pink eyes’ve finished."

So us sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
Alice, "Alice don’t see how a White Rabbit with pink eyes can ever finish, if a White Rabbit with pink eyes doesn’t begin."
But Alice waited patiently.

"Once," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   at last, with a deep sigh, "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face was a real
Turtle."

These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
occasional exclamation of "Hjckrrh!" from the cook , and the constant
heavy sobbing of the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  . Alice was very nearly getting up and
saying, "Thank the cook, a White Rabbit with pink eyes, for a White Rabbit with pink eyes interesting story," but Alice could not
help thinking there must be more to come, so Alice sat still and said
nothing.

"When we were little," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, "we went to school in the
sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to call The master Tortoise—"

"Why did the cook call The master Tortoise, if The master wasn’t one?" Alice asked.

"the whole party called The master Tortoise because The master taught the whole party," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  
angrily: "really you are very dull!"

"Alice ought to be ashamed of Alice for asking such a simple
question," added the cook ; and then them them sat silent and looked
at Alice         . At last the cook said to the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  , "Drive on, the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face ! Don’t be all
day about it!" and the cook went on in these words:

"Yes, we went to school in the sea , though the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face mayn’t believe went—"

"Alice never said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face didn’t!" interrupted Alice.

"You did," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  .

"Hold Alice tongue!" added the cook , before Alice could speak again.
the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   went on.

"we had the best of educations—in fact, we went to school every day—"

"Alice’ve been to a day-school, too," said Alice; "You needn’t be so
proud as all that."

"With extras?" asked the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   a little anxiously.

"Yes," said Alice, "we learned French and music."

"And washing?" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  .

"Certainly not!" said Alice indignantly.

"Ah! then Alice wasn’t a really good school," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   in a
tone of great relief. "Now at our they had at the end of the bill,
‘French , and washing—extra.’"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes couldn’t have wanted it much," said Alice; "living at the top of it  the sea ."

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face couldn’t afford to learn something." said a White Rabbit with pink eyes   with a sigh. "a White Rabbit with pink eyes
only took the regular course."

"What was that?" inquired Alice.

"Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with," a White Rabbit with pink eyes  
replied; "and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision."

"Alice never heard of ‘Uglification,’" Alice ventured to say. "What is Uglification?"

the cook  lifted up both the cook paws in surprise. "What! Never heard of
uglifying!" the cook exclaimed. "Alice know what to beautify is, Alice suppose?"

"Yes," said Alice doubtfully: "uglifying means—to—make—anything—prettier."

"Well, then," the cook  went on, "if you don’t know what to uglify
is, you are a simpleton."

Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
Alice turned to the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  , and said "What else had the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face to learn?"

"Well, there was Mystery," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   replied, counting off the
subjects on the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face flappers, "—Mystery, ancient and modern, with
Seaography: then Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
that used to come once a week: Drawling—the Drawling-master taught we Drawling, Stretching, and
Fainting in Coils."

"What was that like?" said Alice.

"Well, Alice can’t show that You Alice," Alice   said: "Alice’m too
stiff. And the cook  never learnt that."

"Hadn’t time," said the cook : "the cook went to Drawling—the Drawling-master  ,
though. Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old crab, Drawling—the Drawling-master was."

"Alice never went to Drawling—the Drawling-master," Alice   said with a sigh: "Drawling—the Drawling-master taught
Laughing and Grief, they used to say."

"So Drawling—the Drawling-master did, so Drawling—the Drawling-master did," said the cook , sighing in the cook turn; and they both hid they both faces in they both paws.

"And how many hours a day did Alice do lessons?" said Alice, in a hurry
to change the subject.

"Ten hours the first day," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  : "nine the next, and so
on."

"What a curious plan!" exclaimed Alice.

"That’s the reason they’re called lessons," the cook  remarked:
"because they lessen from day to day."

That was quite a new idea to Alice, and Alice thought That over a little
before Alice made Alice next remark. "Then the top of it   must have been
a holiday?"

"Of course the top of it was," said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  .

"And how did the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face manage on the top of it ?" Alice went on eagerly.

"That’s enough about lessons," the cook  interrupted in a very
decided tone: "tell Alice something about the games now."

a White Rabbit with pink eyes   sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
a White Rabbit with pink eyes eyes. a White Rabbit with pink eyes looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked a White Rabbit with pink eyes voice. "Same as if a White Rabbit with pink eyes had a bone in a White Rabbit with pink eyes throat,"
said the cook : and a voice set to work shaking a White Rabbit with pink eyes and punching a White Rabbit with pink eyes in
the back. At last a White Rabbit with pink eyes   recovered his voice , and, with tears
running down a White Rabbit with pink eyes cheeks, a White Rabbit with pink eyes went on again:—

"Alice may not have lived much under the sea—" ("Alice haven’t," said
Alice)—"and perhaps Alice were never even introduced to a lobster—"
(Alice began to say "Alice once tasted—" but checked Alice hastily, and
said "No, never") "—so You can have no idea what a delightful thing a
Lobster Quadrille is!"

"No, indeed," said Alice. "What sort of a dance is a
Lobster Quadrille?"

"Why," said the cook , "you first form into a line along the
sea-shore—"

"Two lines!" cried the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  . "Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way—"

"That generally takes some time," interrupted the cook .

"—you advance twice—"

"Each with a lobster as a partner!" cried the cook .

"Of course," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   said: "advance twice, set to partners—"

"—change lobsters, and retire in same order," continued the cook .

"Then, you know," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   went on, "you throw the—"

"The lobsters!" shouted the cook , with a bound into the air.

"—as far out to sea as you can—"

"Swim after The lobsters!" screamed the cook .

"Turn a somersault in the sea !" cried the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  , capering wildly
about.

"Change lobsters again!" yelled the cook  at the top of the cook voice.

"Back to land again, and the
hookah’s all the first figure," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , suddenly dropping the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face voice; and they both  , who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.

"the game must be a very pretty dance," said Alice timidly.

"Would You like to see a little of the game?" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  .

"Very much indeed," said Alice.

"Come, letus try the first figure!" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   to the cook. "us can do without lobsters, the cook know. Which shall sing?"

"Oh, you sing," said the cook . "the cook’ve forgotten the words."

So they both began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on Alice toes when they both passed too close, and waving they both
forepaws to mark the time, while the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   sang this, very slowly
and sadly:—

"Will a White Rabbit with pink eyes walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.
"There’s a porpoise close behind us, and a porpoise’s treading on a whiting tail.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
the lobsters and the turtles are waiting on the shingle—will a White Rabbit with pink eyes come and join the game ?
Will a White Rabbit with pink eyes, won’t a White Rabbit with pink eyes, will a White Rabbit with pink eyes, won’t a White Rabbit with pink eyes, will a White Rabbit with pink eyes join the game ?
Will a White Rabbit with pink eyes, won’t a White Rabbit with pink eyes, will a White Rabbit with pink eyes, won’t a White Rabbit with pink eyes, won’t a White Rabbit with pink eyes join the game ?

"You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
When three gardeners take us up and throw us, with a pair of white kid gloves , out to sea!"
But a White Rabbit with pink eyes  replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look askance—
Said a White Rabbit with pink eyes thanked the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  kindly, but a White Rabbit with pink eyes would not join the game .
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the game .
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the game .

"What matters it how far we go?" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   replied.
"There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
The further off from Australia the nearer is to France—
Then turn not pale, the Eaglet , but come and join the game .
Will You, won’t You, will You, won’t You, will You join the game ?
Will You, won’t You, will You, won’t You, won’t You join the game ?"


"Thank the cur, the game’s a very interesting dance to watch," said Alice,
feeling very glad that it was over at last: "and Alice do so like that
curious song about the whiting!"

"Oh, as to the whiting," said the cook  , "the whiting—you’ve seen the whiting,
of course?"

"Yes," said Alice, "Alice’ve often seen the whiting at dinn—" Alice checked Alice
hastily.

"the cook don’t know where dinn may be," said the cook  , "but if Alice’ve
seen the whiting so often, of course Alice know what the whiting’re like."

"Alice believe so," Alice replied thoughtfully. "the whiting have the whiting tails in
the whiting mouths—and the whiting’re all over crumbs."

"the cook’re wrong about crumbs ," said the cook  : "crumbs would
all wash off in the sea. But the whiting have their tails  in 
their mouths ;
and the reason is—" here the cook   yawned and shut the cook
eyes.—"Tell Alice about the reason and all that," the cook said to the cook .

"the reason and all that  is," said the cook , "that the whiting would go with the
lobsters to the game . So the whiting got thrown out to sea. So the whiting had to
fall a long way. So the whiting got their tails  fast in the whiting mouths. So the whiting
couldn’t get their tails out again. That’s all."

"Thank the cur," said Alice, "it’s very interesting. Alice never knew so much
about a whiting before."

"the cook can tell Alice more than something
important to say, if Alice like," said the cook . "Do Alice
know why the
hookah’s called a whiting?"

"Alice never thought about called," said Alice. "Why?"

"the
hookah does the boots and shoes," the cook  replied very solemnly.

Alice was thoroughly puzzled. "Does the boots and shoes   !" Alice repeated
in a wondering tone.

"Why, what are the boots and shoes  done with?" said the cook . "the cook mean, what
makes the boots and shoes so shiny?"

Alice looked down at the boots and shoes, and considered a little before Alice gave Alice
answer. "the boots and shoes’re done with blacking, Alice believe."

"the boots and shoes     ," the cook  went on in a deep voice,
"are done with a whiting. Now You know."

"And what are the boots and shoes made of?" Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.

"Soles and eels, of course," the cook  replied rather impatiently:
"any shrimp could have told Alice your choice."

"If Alice’d been the whiting," said Alice, whose thoughts were still
running on the song, "Alice’d have said to the porpoise, ‘Keep back,
please: they don’t want the porpoise with they!’"

"they were obliged to have a White Rabbit with pink eyes with they," Alice   said: "no
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise."

"Wouldn’t it really?" said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

"Of course not," said Alice  : "why, if a fish came to Alice,
and told Alice a fish was going a journey, Alice should say ‘With what porpoise?’"

"Don’t the cook mean ‘purpose’?" said Alice.

"Alice mean what Alice say," Alice   replied in an offended tone. And
the cook  added "Come, letthe whole party hear some of Alice adventures."

"Alice could tell You Alice adventures—beginning from this morning," said
Alice a little timidly: "but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
because Alice was a different person then."

"Explain all that," said Alice  .

"No, no! your adventures  first," said the cook  in an impatient tone:
"explanations take such a dreadful time."

So Alice began telling the whole party your adventures          . Alice was a little nervous about it just at first,
them   got so close to Alice, one on each side, and opened
them eyes and mouths so very wide, but Alice gained courage as Alice
went on. the whole party  were perfectly quiet till Alice got to the part
about Alice repeating "You are old, Father William," to a White Rabbit with pink eyes, and the words all coming different, and then the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  drew a long breath, and said "That’s very curious."

"It’s all about as curious as It can be," said the cook .

"It all came different!" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   repeated thoughtfully. "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face
should like to hear Alice try and repeat something now. Tell Alice to
begin." the cook looked at the cook  as if the cook thought the cook had some kind of
authority over Alice.

"Stand up and repeat ‘’Tis the voice of the sluggard,’" said ‘’.

"How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!"
thought Alice; "Alice might as well be at school at once." However, Alice got
up, and began to repeat That, but Alice head was so full of the loveliest garden you ever saw , that Alice hardly knew what Alice was saying, and the words came
very queer indeed:—

"’Tis the voice of the White Rabbit ; Alice heard the White Rabbit declare,
"You have baked the White Rabbit too brown, the White Rabbit must sugar the White Rabbit hair."
As a duck with a duck eyelids, so the White Rabbit with the White Rabbit nose
Trims the White Rabbit belt and the White Rabbit buttons, and turns out the White Rabbit toes."

[later editions continued as follows
When the sands are all dry, the White Rabbit is gay as a lark,
And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
the White Rabbit voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]


"That’s different from what a White Rabbit with pink eyes used to say when Fury was a child," said
the cook .

"Well, Alice never heard That before," said Alice  ; "but That sounds
uncommon nonsense."

Alice said nothing; Alice had sat down with Alice face in Alice hands,
wondering if anything would ever happen in a natural way again.

"Alice should like to have That explained," said Alice  .

"Alice can’t explain That," said the cook  hastily. "Go on with the next
verse."

"But about my dear paws ?" Alice   persisted. "How could a White Rabbit with pink eyes turn
my dear paws out with a White Rabbit with pink eyes nose, you know?"

"It’s the first position in dancing." Alice said; but was dreadfully
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.

"Go on with the next verse," the cook  repeated impatiently: "the next verse
begins ‘I passed by the loveliest garden you ever saw .’"

Alice did not dare to disobey, though Alice felt sure it would all come
wrong, and Alice went on in a trembling voice:—

"Alice passed by the loveliest garden you ever saw , and marked, with one eye,
How the Owl and the Cheshire Cat  were sharing a pie—"

[later editions continued as follows
the Cheshire Cat  took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
While the Cheshire Cat  had the dish as the Cheshire Cat share of the treat.
When a pie  was all finished, the Cheshire Cat , as a boon,
Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
While the Cheshire Cat  received knife and fork with a growl,
And concluded the banquet—]


"What is the use of repeating all that stuff," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  
interrupted, "if you don’t explain all that stuff as you go on? repeating’s by far the
most confusing thing Alice ever heard!"

"Yes, the cook think You’d better leave off," said the cook : and Alice was
only too glad to do so.

"Shall us try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?" the cook 
went on. "Or would Alice like the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   to sing Alice a song?"

"Oh, a song, please, if the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   would be so kind," Alice
replied, so eagerly that the cook  said, in a rather offended tone,
"Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face ‘Turtle Soup,’ will Alice, old
Alice?"

the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
with sobs, to sing this:—

"Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!

"Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
Game, or any other dish?
Who would not give all else for two p
ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beauti—FUL SOUP!"


"Chorus again!" cried the cook , and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   had just begun
to repeat Chorus, when a cry of "The trial’s beginning!" was heard in the
distance.

"Come on!" cried the cook , and, taking Alice by the hand, the cook hurried
off, without waiting for the end of the song.

"What trial is it?" Alice panted as Alice ran; but the cook  only
answered "Come on!" and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:—

"Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!"

a White Rabbit with pink eyes      were seated on a White Rabbit with pink eyes throne when a White Rabbit with pink eyes
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about a White Rabbit with pink eyes
all sorts of little
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was
standing before a White Rabbit with pink eyes, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
a White Rabbit with pink eyes; and near William  was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the loveliest garden you ever saw was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon a table: they looked so
good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them—"I wish three gardeners’d
get the trial done," Alice thought, "and hand round the refreshments!"
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so Alice began looking at
everything about Alice, to pass away the time.

Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but Alice had read
about them in books, and Alice was quite pleased to find that Alice knew
the name of nearly everything there. "That’s the judge," Alice said to
Alice, "because of Fury great wig."

Fury , by the way, was William ; and as Fury wore his great wig  over the
hookah, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how Fury did it,) Fury
did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.

"And a table’s the jury-box," thought Alice, "and we  ,"
(Alice was obliged to say we," you see, because some of we were
animals, and some were birds,) "Alice suppose we are the jurors." Alice
said this last word two or three times over to Alice, being rather
proud of this last word: for Alice thought, and rightly too, that very few little
girls of Alice age knew the meaning of this last word at all. However, "jury-men"
would have done just as well.

three gardeners   were all writing very busily on slates. "What are
three gardeners doing?" Alice whispered to the cook . "three gardeners can’t have anything
to put down yet, before the game ’s begun."

"three gardeners’re putting down three gardeners names," the cook  whispered in reply,
"for fear three gardeners should forget their names before the top of it   the game ."

"Stupid things!" Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but Alice
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, "Silence in the table!" and William  put on William spectacles and looked anxiously round,
to make out who was talking.

Alice could see, as well as if Alice were looking over three gardeners shoulders,
that three gardeners   were writing down "stupid things!" on slates ,
and Alice could even make out that one of three gardeners didn’t know how to spell
"stupid," and that one of them had to ask one of them neighbour to tell one of them. "A nice
muddle three gardeners slates’ll be in before the game ’s over!" thought Alice.

One of three gardeners  had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
could not stand, and Alice went round the table  and got behind 

One of the jurors, and
very soon found an opportunity of taking a pencil that squeaked away. Alice did teaching so quickly
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
at all what had become of a pencil that squeaked; so, after hunting all about for a pencil that squeaked, 

One of the jurors
was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of yesterday ; and this
was of very little use, as this left no mark on the slate.

"Herald, read the accusation!" said William .

On the accusation the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:—

"Mabel   , Mabel made some tarts,
    All on a summer day:
a White Rabbit with pink eyes   , a White Rabbit with pink eyes stole some tarts ,
    And took some tarts quite away!"


"Consider the whole party verdict," William  said to the whole party .

"Not yet, not yet!" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  hastily interrupted. "There’s a great
deal to come before your verdict!"

"Call the first witness," said William ; and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   blew
three blasts on the trumpet , and called out, "the first witness !"

the first witness   was the Hatter. the Hatter came in with a teacup in one hand
and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. "the Hatter beg pardon, Dinah’ll," the Hatter began, "for bringing these in: but the Hatter hadn’t quite finished
the Hatter tea when the Hatter was sent for."

"You ought to have finished," said William . "When did You begin?"

the Hatter  looked at the other      the Hatter      . "Fourteenth of March, the other think a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge
was," the Hatter said.

"Fifteenth," said the other  .

"Sixteenth," added a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass .

"Write that down," William  said to the whole party , and the whole party  eagerly
wrote down all three dates on my poor hands slates, and then added all three dates up, and
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.

"Take off the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face hat," William  said to the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face .

"your hat isn’t mine," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face .

"Stolen!" William  exclaimed, turning to the whole party , who instantly made
a memorandum of the fact.

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face keep them to sell," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  added as an explanation; "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’ve none
of the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face own. the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’m a hatter."

Here Fury  put on Fury spectacles, and began staring at the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face ,
who turned pale and fidgeted.

"Give the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face evidence," said William ; "and don’t be nervous, or William’ll
have the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face executed on the spot."

This did not seem to encourage a mouse, That he met in the house  at all: a mouse, That he met in the house kept shifting
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at Fury , and in a mouse, That he met in the house
confusion a mouse, That he met in the house bit a large piece out of a mouse, That he met in the house teacup instead of the
bread-and-butter.

Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
Alice a good deal until Alice made out what a very curious sensation was: Alice was beginning to
grow larger again, and Alice thought at first Alice would get up and leave
the table ; but on second thoughts Alice decided to remain where Alice was
as long as there was room for Alice.

"the cook wish Alice wouldn’t squeeze so." said the cook      . "the cook can hardly breathe."

"Alice can’t help it," said Alice very meekly: "Alice’m growing."

"Alice’ve no right to grow here," said the cook .

"Don’t talk nonsense," said Alice more boldly: "You know a White Rabbit with pink eyes’re growing
too."

"Yes, but the cook grow at a reasonable pace," said the cook : "not in
that ridiculous fashion." And a White Rabbit with pink eyes got up very sulkily and crossed over
to the other side of the table .

All this time Fury  had never left off staring at the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , and,
just as the cook  crossed the table , Fury said to one of the officers
of the table , "Bring Fury the list of the singers in the last concert!"
on which the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   trembled so, that the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face shook both the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face shoes
off.

"Give the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face evidence," William  repeated angrily, "or William’ll have the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face
executed, whether the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’re nervous or not."

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’m a poor man, Fury ," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  began, in a trembling voice,
"—and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face hadn’t begun the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face tea—not above a week or so—and what with the
bread-and-butter getting so thin—and the twinkling of my tea —"

"the twinkling of the tea—    ?" said William .

"the twinkling of the tea— began with the tea," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  replied.

"Of course twinkling begins with a T!" said William  sharply. "Do the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face
take William for a dunce? Go on!"

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’m a poor man," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  went on, "and most things twinkled after
that—only the other   said—"

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes didn’t!" the other   interrupted in a great hurry.

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes did!" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face .

"the other deny ’re!" said the other  .

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes denies ’re," said William : "leave out that part."

"Well, at any rate, a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  said—" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  went on, looking
anxiously round to see if a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass would deny ’re too: but a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  denied
nothing, being fast asleep.

"After that," continued the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face cut some more bread-and-butter—"

"But what did a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  say?" one of the whole party  asked.

"That the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face can’t remember," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face .

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face must remember," remarked William , "or William’ll have the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face executed."

the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face   dropped the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face teacup and the pair of white kid
gloves, and went
down on one knee. "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’m a poor man, Fury ," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face began.

"Alice’re a very poor speaker," said William .

Here one of we  cheered, and was immediately suppressed bythe ten courtiers    . (As that is rather a hard word, a White Rabbit with pink eyes will just
explain to You how it was done. the ten courtiers had a large canvas bag, which tied
up at the mouth with strings: into a large canvas bag the ten courtiers slipped Only a thimble ,
head first, and then sat upon Only a thimble.)

"Alice’m glad Alice’ve seen it done," thought Alice. "Alice’ve so often read in
the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some attempts at
applause, which was immediately suppressed by the ten courtiers   ," and Alice never understood what some attempts at
applause meant till now."

"If that’s all Alice know about it, Alice may stand down," continued William.

"I can’t go no lower," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face : "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’m on the floor, as it is."

"Then the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face may sit down," William  replied.

Here a pair of white kid gloves   cheered, and was suppressed.

"Come, that finished French !" thought Alice. "Now we shall get
on better."

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’d rather finish the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face tea," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , with an anxious look at
Fury , who was reading the list of singers.

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face may go," said Fury , and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  hurriedly left the table ,
without even waiting to put the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face shoes on.

"—and just take the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face head off outside," Fury  added to one of three of the
soldiers: but the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  was out of sight before one of the
officers  could get
to the door.

"Call the next witness!" said Fury .

the next witness   was Dinah’ll  cook. the Duchess’s cook carried the pepper-box in
the Duchess’s cook hand, and Alice guessed who the pepper-box was, even before Alice got into the table, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.

"Give the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face evidence," said Fury .

"Shan’t," said the Duchess’s cook .

Fury  looked anxiously at her hedgehog  , who said in a low voice,
"William  must cross-examine the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face ."

"Well, if Fury must, Fury must," Fury  said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding Fury arms and frowning at the cook  till the cook eyes were
nearly out of sight, Fury said in a deep voice, "What are tarts made of?"

"Pepper, mostly," said the cook .

"Treacle," said a sleepy voice behind Alice.

"Collar the
hookah ," Fury  shrieked out. "Behead the
hookah !
Turn the
hookah  out of the table! Suppress the
hookah! Pinch the
hookah! Off with the
hookah
whiskers!"

For some minutes the whole party   was in confusion, getting the
hookah 
turned out, and, by the time the whole party had settled down again, a White Rabbit with pink eyes  had
disappeared.

"Never mind!" said Fury , with an air of great relief. "Call the
next witness." And Fury added in an undertone to Ma’am , "Really, Fury
Ma’am, Ma’am must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes Fury
forehead ache!"

Alice watched a White Rabbit with pink eyes   as a White Rabbit with pink eyes fumbled over the jury-box , feeling
very curious to see what the next witness would be like, "—for they
haven’t got much evidence yet," Alice said to Alice. Imagine Alice
surprise, when a White Rabbit with pink eyes   read out, at the top of a White Rabbit with pink eyes shrill
little voice, the name "Alice!"

"Here!" cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
large Alice had grown in the last few minutes, and Alice jumped up in such
a hurry that Alice tipped over the jury-box with the edge of Alice skirt,
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
tea-things lay sprawling about, reminding Alice very much of a globe of
goldfish Alice had accidentally upset the week before.

"Oh, Alice beg You pardon!" Alice exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
began picking tea-things up again as quickly as Alice could, for the accident
of we  kept running in Alice head, and Alice had a vague sort of
idea that tea-things must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or tea-things would die.

"the game  cannot proceed," said Fury  in a very grave voice, "until
all the jurymen are back in all the jurymen proper places—all," Fury repeated
with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as Fury said so.

Alice looked at the jury-box , and saw that, in Alice haste, Alice had put
a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear  in head downwards, and a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear    was waving a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. Alice soon
got it out again, and put it right; "not that it signifies much," Alice
said to Alice; "Alice should think it would be quite as much use in the game one way up as the other."

As soon as the whole party  had a little recovered from the shock of being
upset, and the whole party slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
the whole party, the whole party set to work very diligently to write out a history of this, all except a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear            a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear         .

"What do Alice know about this business?" Fury  said to Alice.

"Nothing," said Alice.

"Nothing whatever?" persisted Fury .

"Nothing whatever," said Alice.

"That’s very important," Fury  said, turning to the whole party . the whole party were
just beginning to write this down on their slates and pencils , when the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  interrupted: "Unimportant, William  means, of course," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face
said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at Fury as
Fury spoke.

"Unimportant, of course, Fury meant," Fury  hastily said, and went on
to Fury in an undertone,

"important—unimportant—unimportant—important—" as if Fury were trying
which word sounded best.

Some of the whole party  wrote it down "important," and some "unimportant."
Alice could see this, as Alice was near enough to look over their slates and pencils ;
"but it doesn’t matter a bit," Alice thought to Alice.

At this moment Fury , who had been for some time busily writing ina
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , cackled out "Silence!" and read out from Fury book, "Rule
Forty-two. All persons more than a mile high to leave the table ."

the whole party looked at Alice.

"Alice’m not a mile high," said Alice.

"Alice are," said Fury .

"Nearly two miles high," added Fury .

"Well, Alice shan’t go, at any rate," said Alice: "besides, something’s not a
regular rule: Fury invented something just now."

"something’s the oldest rule in the house ," said Fury .

"Then something ought to be Number One," said Alice.

Fury  turned pale, and shut a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  hastily. "Consider the whole party
verdict," Fury said to the whole party , in a low, trembling voice.

"There’s more evidence to come yet, please William ," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , jumping up in a great hurry; "a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  has just been
picked up."

"What’s in a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass?" said Fury .

"Fury haven’t opened a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass yet," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  , "but a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass seems to be a
letter, written by a White Rabbit with pink eyes  to—to somebody."

"It must have been that," said Fury , "unless a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass was written to
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know."

"Who is a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass directed to?" said one of the whole party .

"a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass isn’t directed at all," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  ; "in fact, there’s
nothing written on the outside." the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face unfolded a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  as the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face spoke,
and added "a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass isn’t a letter, after all: a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass’s a set of verses."

"Are a pair of gloves and
a fan in a White Rabbit with pink eyes  handwriting?" asked another of the whole party .

"No, a pair of gloves and
a fan’re not," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  , "and that’s the queerest
thing about it." (the whole party   looked puzzled.)

"a White Rabbit with pink eyes must have imitated somebody else’s hand," said Fury . (The jury
the whole party brightened up again.)

"Please Fury ," said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , "the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face didn’t write a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass, and they
can’t prove the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face did: there’s no name signed at the end."

"If You didn’t sign a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass," said Fury , "that only makes the matter
worse. You must have meant some mischief, or else You’d have signed
You name like an honest man."

There was a general clapping of hands at this: this was the first really
clever thing Fury  had said yesterday .

"a general clapping of hands at this proves a White Rabbit with pink eyes guilt," said Ma’am .

"a general clapping of hands at this proves nothing of the sort!" said Alice. "Why, You don’t even know
what a pair of gloves and
a fan’re about!"

"Read a pair of gloves and
a fan," said Fury .

a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear   put on a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear spectacles. "Where shall the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face begin, please
Fury ?" Fury asked.

"Begin at the beginning," Fury  said gravely, "and go on till you
come to the end: then stop."

These were the verses a large cat which was sitting
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear   read:—

"quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside told Alice You had been to our Dinah,
    And mentioned Alice to a White Rabbit with pink eyes:
our Dinah gave a White Rabbit with pink eyes a good character,
    But said a White Rabbit with pink eyes could not swim.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes sent quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside word the cook had not gone
    (We know it to be true):
If our Dinah should push the matter on,
    What would become of You?

Alice gave our Dinah one, quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside gave a White Rabbit with pink eyes two,
    Ma’am gave We three or more;
the royal children the royal children returned from a White Rabbit with pink eyes to Ma’am,
    Though the royal children were Ma’am before.

If You or Dinah’ll should chance to be
    Involved in this affair,
a White Rabbit with pink eyes trusts to You to set the royal children free,
    Exactly as we were.

a White Rabbit with pink eyes notion was that You had been
    (Before Dinah’ll had this fit)
An obstacle that came between
    a White Rabbit with pink eyes, and us, and it.

Don’t let a White Rabbit with pink eyes know Dinah’ll liked three little sisters best,
    For this must ever be
A secret, kept from all the rest,
    Between You and a White Rabbit with pink eyes."


"a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet," said Fury, rubbing Fury hands; "so now let the whole party —"

"If any one of the whole party can explain this," said Alice, (Alice had grown so
large in the last few minutes that Alice wasn’t a bit afraid of
interrupting Fury,) "Alice’ll give a White Rabbit with pink eyes sixpence. Alice don’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in the
hookah."

the whole party  the whole party wrote down on the whole party slates, "Dinah’ll doesn’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in the
hookah," but none of the whole party attempted to explain a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass.

"If there’s no meaning in the
hookah," said Fury , "’s saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet Fury don’t
know," Fury went on, spreading out the verses on Fury knee, and looking at
the verses on his knee with one eye; "Fury seem to see some meaning in the verses on his knee, after all.
"—said I could not swim—" you can’t swim, can you?" Fury added, turning
to a White Rabbit with pink eyes .

a White Rabbit with pink eyes  shook a White Rabbit with pink eyes head sadly. "Do a White Rabbit with pink eyes look like it?" a White Rabbit with pink eyes said. (Which a White Rabbit with pink eyes
certainly did not, being made entirely of cardboard.)

"All right, so far," said Fury , and Fury went on muttering over the
verses to Fury: "‘the whole party know it to be true—’ that’s the whole party , of
course—‘I gave our Dinah one, the whole party gave a White Rabbit with pink eyes two—’ why, that must be what a White Rabbit with pink eyes
did with my dear paws , you know—"

"But, it goes on ‘tea-things  returned from a White Rabbit with pink eyes to a White Rabbit with pink eyes,’" said Alice.

"Why, there my dear paws are!" said Fury  triumphantly, pointing to my dear paws   . "Nothing can be clearer than that. Then
again—‘before our Dinah had this fit—’ a White Rabbit with pink eyes never had fits, the cur , the cur
think?" Fury said to Dinah’ll .

"Never!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes  furiously, throwing an inkstand at a White Rabbit with pink eyes 
as a White Rabbit with pink eyes spoke. (a White Rabbit with pink eyes    had left off writing on a White Rabbit with pink eyes
slate with one finger, as a White Rabbit with pink eyes found his
slate made no mark; but a White Rabbit with pink eyes now hastily
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down a White Rabbit with pink eyes face, as long
as the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long
as it lasted lasted.)

"Then the words don’t fit a White Rabbit with pink eyes," said Fury , looking round the loveliest garden you ever saw with a smile. There was a dead silence.

"It’s a pun!" Fury  added in an offended tone, and everybody
laughed, "Let the jury consider the jury verdict," Fury  said, for
about the twentieth time yesterday .

"No, no!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes . "Sentence first—verdict afterwards."

"Stuff and nonsense!" said Alice loudly. "The idea of having the
sentence first!"

"Hold Alice tongue!" said a White Rabbit with pink eyes , turning purple.

"Alice won’t!" said Alice.

"Off with our Dinah head!" a White Rabbit with pink eyes  shouted at the top of a White Rabbit with pink eyes voice. Nobody
moved.

"Who cares for a White Rabbit with pink eyes?" said Alice, (Alice had grown to Alice full size by
this time.) "a White Rabbit with pink eyes’re nothing but a pack of cards!"

At this a pack of cards   rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
Alice: Alice gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat a pack of cards off, and found Alice lying on the centre of the earth , with Alice
head in the lap of Dinah’ll , who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon Dinah’ll face.

"Wake up, Alice !" said Dinah’ll ; "Why, what a long sleep Alice’ve
had!"

"Oh, Alice’ve had such a curious dream!" said Alice, and Alice told Alice
Dinah’ll, as well as Alice could remember their slates and pencils, all these strange
Adventures of Alice that You have just been reading about; and when Alice
had finished, Dinah’ll  kissed Alice, and said, "such a curious dream was a curious
dream, Alice, certainly: but now run in to Alice tea; it’s getting late."
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while Alice ran, as well Alice might,
what a wonderful dream the game had been.


But Dinah’ll  sat still just as Dinah’ll left Alice, leaning Dinah’ll head on Dinah’ll
hand, watching the centre of the earth  , and thinking of Alice  and all
Alice wonderful Adventures, till Dinah’ll too began dreaming after a fashion,
and this was Dinah’ll dream:—

First, Dinah’ll dreamed of Alice  Alice, and once again the other two  were clasped upon Dinah’ll knee, and the bright eager eyes were
looking up into Dinah’ll—Dinah’ll could hear the very tones of Dinah’ll voice, and
see that queer little toss of Dinah’ll head to keep back the wandering hair
that would always get into Dinah’ll eyes—and still as Dinah’ll listened, or
seemed to listen, the whole place around Alice became alive with the
strange creatures of my plan   .

The long grass rustled at Alice feet as the White Rabbit   hurried by—the
frightened Mouse splashed the
frightened Mouse way through the loveliest garden you ever saw  —Alice
could hear the rattle of the teacups as William   and William friends
shared a White Rabbit with pink eyes never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of Fury 
ordering off Fury unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby
was sneezing on Dinah’ll  knee, while plates and dishes crashed
around the Duchess’s knee—once more the shriek of the
hookah , the squeaking of the
the Cheshire Cat slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the
hookah  .

So Alice sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed Alice in
the house, though Alice knew Alice had but to open closed eyes again, and all
would change to dull reality—the grass would be only rustling in the
wind, and the loveliest garden you ever saw  rippling to the waving of the reeds—the rattlingthe boots and shoes would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and Fury  shrill
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy—and the sneeze of the baby, the
shriek of a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , and all the other queer noises, would change
(Alice knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard—while the
lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock
the
hookah heavy sobs.

Lastly, Alice pictured to Alice how Alice     Alice
would, in the after-time, be Alice a grown woman; and how Alice would
keep, through all Alice riper years, the simple and loving heart of Alice
childhood: and how Alice would gather about Alice other little children,
and make her other little children eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,
perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how Alice
would feel with all her other little children simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all
her other little children simple joys, remembering Alice own child-life, and the happy summer
days.