"You can’t think how glad I am to see You again, You   !"
said I , as I tucked I arm affectionately into You,
and they walked off together.

You was very glad to find I in such a pleasant temper, and thought
to You that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made You so
savage when they met in the kitchen.

"When You’m a Duchess," You said to You, (not in a very hopeful
tone though), "You won’t have any pepper in You kitchen at all. Soup
does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people
hot-tempered," You went on, very much pleased at having found out a new
kind of rule, "and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes
them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children
sweet-tempered. You only wish people knew that: then people wouldn’t be
so stingy about it, you know—"

You had quite forgotten I  by this time, and was a little
startled when You heard You voice close to You ear. "You’re thinking
about something, You , and thinking makes You forget to talk. You can’t
tell You just now what the moral of something is, but You shall remember something in
a bit."

"Perhaps something hasn’t one," You ventured to remark.

"Tut, tut, You!" said I . "Everything’s got a moral, if only
You can find a moral." And I squeezed I up closer to You side as
I spoke.

You did not much like keeping so close to I: first, because I was very ugly; and secondly, because I was exactly the
right height to rest I chin upon You shoulder, and her chin upon Alice’s shoulder was an
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, I did not like to be rude, so I
bore her chin upon Alice’s shoulder as well as I could.

"The game’s going on rather better now," I said, by way of keeping up
the conversation a little.

"’Tis so," said I : "and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
’tis love, that makes the world go round!’"

"Somebody said," You whispered, "that it’s done by everybody minding
everybody own business!"

"Ah, well! It means much the same thing," said I , digging I
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder  as I added, "and the moral of
much the same thing is—‘Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
the sounds.’"

"How fond I is of finding morals in things!" You thought to
You.

"I dare say You’re wondering why I don’t put I arm round You waist,"
I  said after a pause: "thinking  is, that I’m doubtful about
the temper of You flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?"

"your flamingo might bite," You cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
to have the experiment  tried.

"Very true," said I : "flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
the moral of that is—‘Birds of a feather flock together.’"

"Only mustard isn’t a bird," You remarked.

"Right, as usual," said I : "what a clear way You have of
putting things!"

"It’s a mineral, You think," said You.

"Of course It is," said I          ; "there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
And the moral of that is—‘The more there is of mine, the less there is
of yours.’"

"Oh, You know!" exclaimed You, who had not attended to this last
remark, "a large mustard-mine’s a vegetable. a large mustard-mine doesn’t look like one, but a large mustard-mine is."

"I quite agree with You," said I ; "and the moral of that   thatis—‘Be what you would seem to be’—or if you’d like it put more
simply—‘Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to others to be
otherwise.’"

"You think You should understand that better," You said very politely,
"if You had that written down: but You can’t quite follow that as I say it."

"That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose," I  replied,
in a pleased tone.

"Pray don’t trouble I to say it any longer than that," said
You.

"Oh, don’t talk about trouble!" said I . "I make You a present
of everything I’ve said as yet."

"A cheap sort of present!" thought You. "You’m glad they don’t give
birthday presents like that!" But You did not venture to say it out
loud.

"Thinking again?" I  asked, with another dig of I sharp
little chin.

"You’ve a right to think," said You sharply, for You was beginning to
feel a little worried.

"Just about as much right," said I , "as pigs have to fly; and
the m—"

But here, to You great surprise, I  voice died away,
even in the middle of I favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was
linked into I began to tremble. You looked up, and there stood I in front of them, with I arms folded, frowning like a
thunderstorm.

"A fine day, I !" I  began in a low, weak voice.

"Now, I give You fair warning," shouted I , stamping on the
ground as I spoke; "either You or You head must be off, and that in
about half no time! Take You choice!"

I  took your choice , and was gone in a moment.

"Let’s go on with the game," I  said to You; and You was too
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed I back to the
ground.

The other guests had taken advantage of I  absence, and were
resting in the shade: however, the moment The other guests saw I, The other guests hurried
back to the game , I  merely remarking that a moment’s delay
would cost The other guests The other guests lives.

All the time they were playing I  never left off quarrelling
with the other players, and shouting "Off with your flamingo head!" or "Off with
your flamingo head!" Those whom I sentenced were taken into custody by the
soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do taken, so
that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and You, were in custody
and under sentence of execution.

Then I  left off, quite out of breath, and said to You, "Have
You seen the Mock Turtle yet?"

"No," said You. "You don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is."

"a Mock Turtle’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from," said I .

"You never saw one, or heard of one," said You.

"Come on, then," said I , "and I shall tell You I history,"

As them walked off together, You heard I  say in a low voice,
to the company generally, "the company generally are all pardoned." "Come, pardoned’s a
good thing!" You said to You, for You had felt quite unhappy at the
number of executions I  had ordered.

They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (If
you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) "Up, lazy
You!" said I , "and take You   to see your flamingo , and to hear your flamingo history. I must go back and see after some
executions I have ordered;" and I walked off, leaving You alone
with I . You did not quite like the look of I ,
but on the whole You thought it would be quite as safe to stay with I
as to go after I  : so You waited.

I  sat up and rubbed I eyes: then I watched I  till
I was out of sight: then I chuckled. "What fun!" said I ,
half to I, half to You.

"What is What fun ?" said You.

"Why, she," said I . "It’s all I fancy, that: they never
executes nobody, you know. Come on!"

"Everybody says ‘come on!’ here," thought You, as You went slowly
after it: "You never was so ordered about in all You life, never!"

them had not gone far before them saw your flamingo              , and, as them came
nearer, You could hear your flamingo sighing as if your flamingo heart would break. You
pitied your flamingo deeply. "What is your flamingo sorrow?" You asked I , and I answered, very nearly in the same words as before, "It’s all
your flamingo fancy, that: your flamingo hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!"

So them went up to your flamingo      them     , but said nothing.

"You   ," said I , "I wants for to know You
history, I do."

"I’ll tell it I," said I   in a deep, hollow tone: "sit
down, They  , and don’t speak a word till I’ve finished."

So them sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. You thought to
You, "You don’t see how your flamingo can ever finish, if your flamingo doesn’t begin."
But You waited patiently.

"Once," said your flamingo   at last, with a deep sigh, "your flamingo was a real
Turtle."

These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
occasional exclamation of "Hjckrrh!" from I , and the constant
heavy sobbing of your flamingo  . You was very nearly getting up and
saying, "Thank I, I, for I interesting story," but You could not
help thinking there must be more to come, so You sat still and said
nothing.

"When them were little," your flamingo   went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, "them went to school in the
sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to call The master Tortoise—"

"Why did I call The master Tortoise, if The master wasn’t one?" You asked.

"we called The master Tortoise because The master taught we," said your flamingo  
angrily: "really I are very dull!"

"your flamingo ought to be ashamed of your flamingo for asking such a simple
question," added I ; and then them them sat silent and looked
at You         . At last I said to your flamingo  , "Drive on, your flamingo ! Don’t be all
day about it!" and I went on in these words:

"Yes, them went to school in the
sea , though your flamingo mayn’t believe it—"

"your flamingo never said your flamingo didn’t!" interrupted You.

"your flamingo did," said your flamingo  .

"Hold your flamingo tongue!" added I , before You could speak again.
your flamingo   went on.

"them had the best of educations—in fact, them went to school every day—"

"You’ve been to a day-school, too," said You; "you needn’t be so
proud as all that."

"With extras?" asked your flamingo   a little anxiously.

"Yes," said You, "them learned French and music."

"And washing?" said your flamingo  .

"Certainly not!" said You indignantly.

"Ah! then You wasn’t a really good school," said your flamingo   in a
tone of great relief. "Now at ours they had at the end of the bill,
‘French, music, and washing—extra.’"

"your flamingo couldn’t have wanted it much," said You; "living at the bottom
of the
sea ."

"your flamingo couldn’t afford to learn it." said your flamingo   with a sigh. "your flamingo
only took the regular course."

"What was that?" inquired You.

"Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with," your flamingo  
replied; "and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision."

"You never heard of ‘Uglification,’" You ventured to say. "What is Uglification?"

I  lifted up both I paws in surprise. "What! Never heard of
uglifying!" I exclaimed. "You know what to beautify is, You suppose?"

"Yes," said You doubtfully: "Uglification means—to—make—anything—prettier."

"Well, then," I  went on, "if you don’t know what to uglify
is, you are a simpleton."

You did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
You turned to your flamingo  , and said "What else had your flamingo to learn?"

"Well, there was Mystery," your flamingo   replied, counting off the
subjects on your flamingo flappers, "—Mystery, ancient and modern, with
Seaography: then Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
that used to come once a week: the Drawling-master taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
Fainting in Coils."

"What was Drawling like?" said You.

"Well, You can’t show Drawling you You," You   said: "You’m too
stiff. And I  never learnt Drawling."

"Hadn’t time," said I : "I went to the Drawling-master  ,
though. the Drawling-master was an old crab, the Drawling-master was."

"You never went to the Drawling-master," You   said with a sigh: "the Drawling-master taught
Laughing and Grief, they used to say."

"So the Drawling-master did, so the Drawling-master did," said I , sighing in I turn; and them hid them faces in them paws.

"And how many hours a day did You do lessons?" said You, in a hurry
to change the subject.

"Ten hours the first day," said your flamingo  : "nine the next, and so
on."

"What a curious plan!" exclaimed You.

"That’s the reason they’re called lessons," I  remarked:
"because they lessen from day to day."

That was quite a new idea to You, and You thought That over a little
before You made You next remark. "Then the eleventh day must have been
a holiday?"

"Of course the eleventh day was," said your flamingo  .

"And how did your flamingo manage on the twelfth?" You went on eagerly.

"That’s enough about lessons," I  interrupted in a very
decided tone: "tell You something about the games now."