Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by Alice sister on the 
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice Alice had peeped into 
the book her sister  was reading, but the book her sister was reading had no pictures or conversations in the book her sister was reading, 
"and what is the use of a book," thought Alice "without pictures or conversations?"

So Alice was considering in Alice own mind (as well as Alice could, for the 
hot day made Alice feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of 
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking 
the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by Alice.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
so very much out of the way to hear a White Rabbit with pink eyes  say to a White Rabbit with pink eyes, "Oh
dear! Oh dear! a White Rabbit with pink eyes shall be late!" (when Alice thought it over afterwards,
it occurred to Alice that Alice ought to have wondered at that, but at the
time that all seemed quite natural); but when a White Rabbit with pink eyes  actually took a
watch out of a White Rabbit with pink eyes waistcoat-pocket, and looked at a
watch, and then hurried
on, Alice started to Alice feet, for it flashed across Alice mind that Alice
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
watch to take out of a rabbit, and burning with curiosity, Alice ran across the
field after a rabbit, and fortunately was just in time to see a rabbit pop down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after a rabbit, never once considering how
in the world Alice was to get out again.

a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping Alice before Alice found Alice falling down a very
deep well.

Either a very
deep well  was very deep, or Alice fell very slowly, for Alice had
plenty of time as Alice went down to look about Alice and to wonder what
was going to happen next. First, Alice tried to look down and make out
what Alice was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then Alice
looked at the sides of a very
deep well , and noticed that the sides of the well were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there Alice saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. Alice took down a jar from one of 
cupboards  as Alice
passed; a jar was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE", but to Alice great
disappointment a jar was empty: Alice did not like to drop a jar  for fear
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put a jar into one of 
cupboards as Alice fell past one of the
cupboards.

"Well!" thought Alice to Alice, "after such a fall as this, Alice shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think Alice
at home! Why, Alice wouldn’t say anything about it, even if Alice fell off the
top of the house!" (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall never come to an end? "Alice wonder how
many miles Alice’ve fallen by this time?" Alice said aloud. "Alice must be
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let Alice see: the centre of the earth would
be four thousand miles down, Alice think—" (for, you see, Alice had learnt
several things of this sort in Alice lessons in the schoolroom, and
though this time was not a very good opportunity for showing off Alice
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to Alice, still this time was good
practice to say it over) "—yes, that’s about the right distance—but
then Alice wonder what Latitude or Longitude Alice’ve got to?" (Alice had no
idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice
grand words to say.)

Presently Alice began again. "Alice wonder if Alice shall fall right through
the earth ! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk
with their heads downward      ! the people that walk
with their heads downward , Alice think—" (Alice was rather
glad there was no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all
the right word) "—but Alice shall have to ask the people that walk
with their heads downward what the name of the
country is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is the
country New Zealand or Australia?"
(and Alice tried to curtsey as Alice spoke—fancy curtseying as you’re
falling through the air! Do Ma’am think Ma’am could manage fancy curtseying?) "And what
an ignorant little girl Ma’am’ll think Alice for asking! No, it’ll never do
to ask: perhaps Alice shall see it written up somewhere."

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. "Dinah’ll miss Alice very much to-night, Alice should think!"
(Dinah’ll was the cat.) "Alice hope they’ll remember Dinah’ll saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah’ll Alice dear! Alice wish Dinah’ll were down here with Alice! There are
no mice in the air, Alice’m afraid, but Dinah’ll might catch a bat, and catch’s
very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, Alice wonder?" And here
Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to Alice, in a
dreamy sort of way, "Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?" and
sometimes, "Do bats eat cats?" for, you see, as Alice couldn’t answer
either question, it didn’t much matter which way Alice put it. Alice felt
that Alice was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that Alice was
walking hand in hand with Dinah’ll, and saying to Dinah’ll very earnestly,
"Now, Dinah’ll, tell Alice the truth: did Dinah’ll ever eat a bat?" when suddenly,
thump! thump! down Alice came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and
the fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and Alice jumped up on to Alice feet in a moment:
Alice looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before Alice was another
long passage, and a White Rabbit with pink eyes   was still in sight, hurrying down
another
long passage. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
and was just in time to hear a rabbit say, as a rabbit turned a corner, "Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!" Alice was close behind a rabbit when Alice
turned a corner , but a White Rabbit with pink eyes  was no longer to be seen: Alice found
Alice in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof , but doors were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, Alice walked sadly down the middle, wondering how Alice was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly Alice came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass except a tiny golden key, and Alice
first thought was that a tiny golden key might belong to one of the doors of a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof ;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or a tiny golden key  was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of the doors of the hall. However, on the second
time round, Alice came upon a low curtain Alice had not noticed before, and
behind a low curtain was a little door about fifteen inches high: Alice tried a tiny golden key     , and to Alice great delight a tiny golden key fitted!

Alice opened a little door about fifteen inches high  and found that a little door about fifteen inches high led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: Alice knelt down and looked along the
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How Alice longed to get
out of a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof  , and wander about among those beds of bright
flowers and those cool fountains, but Alice could not even get Alice head
through the doorway; "and even if her head  would go through," thought
Alice , "her head would be of very little use without Alice shoulders. Oh,
how Alice wish Alice could shut up like a telescope! Alice think Alice could, if Alice only
knew how to begin." For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
indeed were really impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge  , so Alice went
back to a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass , half hoping Alice might find another key on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time Alice found a little bottle on a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass, ("which certainly was not here
before," said Alice,) and round the neck of a little bottle  was a paper
label, with the words "DRINK ME," beautifully printed on a paper
label, with the words "DRINK ME," beautifully printed on it in large
letters in large
letters.

It was all very well to say "Drink me," but Alice    was
not going to do say in a hurry. "No, Alice’ll look first," Alice said,
"and see whether a little bottle’s marked ‘poison’ or not"; for Alice had read
several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things, all because children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things
would not remember the simple rules children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things friends had taught children who had got burnt, and
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things:
such as, that a red-hot poker will burn you if you hold a red-hot poker too long;
and that if you cut your finger very deeply with a knife, your finger usually
bleeds; and Alice had never forgotten that, if you drink much from a
bottle marked "poison," it is almost certain to disagree with you,
sooner or later.

However, a little bottle  was not marked "poison," so Alice ventured to
taste a little bottle, and finding a little bottle very nice, (a little bottle had, in fact, a sort of mixed
flavoTr of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and
hot buttered toast,) Alice very soon finished a little bottle off.

"What a curious feeling!" said Alice; "Alice must be shutting up like a
telescope."

And so it was indeed: Alice was now only ten inches high, and Alice face
brightened up at the thought that Alice was now the right size for going
through a little door about fifteen inches high   into the loveliest garden you ever saw  . First, however, Alice
waited for a few minutes to see if Alice was going to shrink any further:
Alice felt a little nervous about this; "for it might end, you know,"
said Alice to Alice, "in Alice going out altogether, like a candle. Alice
wonder what Alice should be like then?" And Alice tried to fancy what the
flame of a candle is like after a candle  is blown out, for Alice could
not remember ever having seen the
flame of a candle  .

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, Alice decided on going
into the loveliest garden you ever saw  at once; but, alas for Alice ! when Alice got to a little door about fifteen inches high, Alice found Alice had forgotten the little golden key, and when Alice
went back to the table for the little golden key, Alice found Alice could not possibly reach
the little golden key: Alice could see the little golden key quite plainly through the glass, and Alice tried Alice
best to climb up one of the legs of the table , but one of the legs of the table was too slippery;
and when Alice had tired Alice out with trying, Alice   
sat down and cried.

"Come, there’s no use in crying like that!" said Alice to Alice,
rather sharply; "Alice advise Alice to leave off this minute!" Alice generally
gave Alice very good advice, (though Alice very seldom followed very good advice),
and sometimes Alice scolded Alice so severely as to bring tears into
Alice eyes; and once Alice remembered trying to box Alice own ears for having
cheated Alice in a game of croquet Alice was playing against Alice,
for Alice   was very fond of pretending to be two people.
"But it’s no use now," thought Alice , "to pretend to be two
people! Why, there’s hardly enough of Alice left to make one respectable
person!"

Soon Alice eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
Alice opened a little glass box that was lying under the table, and found in a little glass box that was lying under the table a very small cake, on which the words
"EAT ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, Alice’ll eat a very small cake," said
Alice, "and if a very small cake makes Alice grow larger, Alice can reach the key; and if a very small cake
makes Alice grow smaller, Alice can creep under the door; so either way Alice’ll
get into the garden, and Alice don’t care which happens!"

Alice ate a little bit, and said anxiously to Alice, "Which way? Which
way?", holding Alice hand on the top of Alice head to feel which way her head was
growing, and Alice was quite surprised to find that Alice remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go
on in the common way.

So Alice set to work, and very soon finished off a very small cake .
