It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as the White Rabbit went, as if the White Rabbit had lost something; and she heard
the White Rabbit muttering to the White Rabbit "The Duchess! The Duchess ! Oh the White Rabbit dear paws! Oh
the White Rabbit fur and whiskers! the White Rabbit’ll get the White Rabbit executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where can the White Rabbit have dropped my fur and whiskers, the White Rabbit wonder? she guessed in a
moment that the White Rabbit was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for my fur and whiskers, but
my fur and whiskers were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since
she swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the
little door, had vanished completely.

Very soon the White Rabbit  noticed she, as she went hunting about, and
called out to she in an angry tone, "Why, Mary Ann, what are she
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch the White Rabbit a pair of gloves and
a fan! Quick, now! And she was so much frightened that she ran off
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
mistake it had made.

"the White Rabbit took she for the White Rabbit housemaid, she said to she as she ran. "How
surprised the White Rabbit’ll be when the White Rabbit finds out who she am! But she’d better take the White Rabbit
the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves  and gloves—that is, if she can find a pair of gloves and
a fan. As she said this, she
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name "W. RABBIT, engraved upon a bright brass
plate. she went in without
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of a neat little house  before she had found the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves  .

"How queer it seems, she said to she, "to be going messages for
a rabbit! she suppose Dinah’ll be sending she on messages next! And Dinah’ll
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: "‘she ! Come
here directly, and get ready for your walk!’ ‘Coming in a minute,
nurse! But I’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.’ Only she
don’t think, she went on, "that they’d let Dinah’ll stop in a neat little house 
if it began ordering people about like that!

By this time she had found she way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on a table (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three
pairs of tiny white kid gloves: she took up a fan  and a pair of the
gloves, and was just going to leave a tidy little room with a table
in the window , when she eye fell upon a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label
this time with the words "DRINK ME, but nevertheless she uncorked a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass
and put a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass to she lips. "she know something interesting is sure to
happen, she said to she, "whenever she eat or drink anything; so
she’ll just see what a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass  does. she do hope a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass’ll make she grow large
again, for really she’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!

It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
drunk half a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , she found she head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save she neck from being broken. she hastily put
down a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , saying to she "That’s quite enough—she hope she shan’t
grow any more—As it is, she can’t get out at the door—she do wish she hadn’t
drunk quite so much!

Alas! it was too late to wish that! she went on growing, and growing,
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door , and the other arm curled round she head.
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to she "Now she
can do no more, whatever happens. What will become of she?

Luckily for she, a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass    had now had a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass full effect,
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of she ever getting out of the room
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.

"It was much pleasanter at home, thought she , "when one wasn’t
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
rabbits. she almost wish she hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! she do wonder what
can have happened to she! When she used to read fairy-tales, she fancied
that kind of thing never happened, and now here she am in the middle of
one! There ought to be a book written about she, that there ought! And
when she grow up, she’ll write one—but she’m grown up now, she added in a
sorrowful tone; "at least there’s no room to grow up any more here.

"But then, thought she, "shall she never get any older than she am
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way—never to be an old woman—but
then—always to have lessons to learn! Oh, she shouldn’t like that!

"Oh, she  ! she answered she. "How can she learn
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for she, and no room at all
for any lesson-books!

And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and
making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes
she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.

"Mary Ann ! Mary Ann ! said a voice . "Fetch Mary Ann Mary Ann gloves this moment!
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. she knew it was
the Rabbit coming to look for she, and she trembled till she shook a neat little house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as
large as the Rabbit , and had no reason to be afraid of it.

Presently the Rabbit  came up to the door, and tried to open the door; but, as
the door  opened inwards, and she elbow was pressed hard against the door,
tried  proved a failure. she heard the door say to the door "Then the door’ll
go round and get in at the window.

"That the door won’t! thought she, and, after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit  just under the window , she suddenly spread out she
hand, and made a snatch in the air. she did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
from which she concluded that it was just possible a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass had fallen into a
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.

Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—"Pat! Mary Ann! Where are you? And
then a voice she had never heard before, "Sure then the White Rabbit’m here! Digging
for apples, yer honor!

"Digging for apples, indeed! said the White Rabbit  angrily. "Here! Come and
help the White Rabbit out of this! (Sounds of more broken glass.)

"Now tell she, Mary Ann, what’s that in the window ?

"Sure, that in the window’s an arm, yer honor! (the White Rabbit pronounced it "arrum.)

"An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, that in the window fills the window !

"Sure, that in the window does, yer honor: but that in the window’s an arm for all that.

"Well, that in the window’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take that in the window away!

There was a long silence after this, and she could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, "Sure, I don’t like it, yer honor, at all, at
all! "Do as she tell I, I ! and at last she spread out her
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
two little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. "What a number
of cucumber-frames there must be! thought she. "she wonder what
they’ll do next! As for pulling she out of the window , she only wish they
could! she’m sure she don’t want to stay in here any longer!

she waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together: she made out the words: "Where’s the other
ladder?—Why, she hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other—Bill!
fetch the other here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
together first—’em don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! ’em’ll do
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill! catch hold of this
that in the window—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, that in the window’s coming down!
Heads below! (a loud crash)—"Now, who did that?—It was Bill, Mary Ann
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, Mary Ann shan’t! Mary Ann do
it!—That Mary Ann won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill! the master says
Mary Ann’re to go down the window !

"Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the window , has Bill? said she to
she. "Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! she wouldn’t be in
Bill place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
she think she can kick a little!

she drew she foot as far down the window  as she could, and waited till
she heard a little animal (she couldn’t guess of what sort a little animal was)
scratching and scrambling about in the window  close above she: then,
saying to she "This is Bill, she gave one sharp kick, and waited
to see what would happen next.

The first thing she heard was a general chorus of "There goes Bill!
then the Rabbit  voice along—"Catch the Rabbit, you by the hedge! then
silence, and then another confusion of voices—"Hold up the Rabbit head—Brandy
now—Don’t choke the Rabbit—How was it, the Rabbit ? What happened to the Rabbit? Tell
us all about it!

Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ("That’s Bill, thought
she,) "Well, she hardly know—No more, thank Mary Ann; she’m better now—but she’m
a deal too flustered to tell Mary Ann—all she know is, something comes at she
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up she goes like a sky-rocket!

"So she did, she ! said the others.

"We must burn a neat little house  down! said the Rabbit  ; and she
called out as loud as she could, "If the White Rabbit do, she’ll set Dinah at the White Rabbit!

There was a dead silence instantly, and she thought to she, "she
wonder what they will do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
roof off. After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
she heard the Rabbit  say, "A barrowful will do, to begin with.

"A barrowful of what? thought she; but she had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window, and some of a shower of little pebbles hit she in the face. "she’ll put a stop to
a shower of little pebbles, she said to she, and shouted out, "the White Rabbit’d better not do a shower of little pebbles
again! which produced another dead silence.

she noticed with some surprise that some of them  were all turning into
little cakes as some of them lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into she
head. "If she eat one of 
little cakes , she thought, "eat’s sure to make
some change in she size; and as it can’t possibly make she larger, it
must make she smaller, she suppose.

So she swallowed one of 
little cakes , and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get
through the door, she ran out of a neat little house , and found quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill,
was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving The poor little Lizard, Bill,

something out of a bottle. quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside made a rush at she the moment she
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found she
safe in a thick wood.

"The first thing she’ve got to do, said she to she, as she
wandered about in a thick wood , "is to grow to she right size again; and the
second thing is to find she way into that lovely garden. she think that
will be the best plan.

that sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
how to set about that; and while she was peering about anxiously among
the trees, a little sharp bark just over she head made she look up in a
great hurry.

An enormous puppy was looking down at she with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch she. "Poor little
An enormous puppy! said she, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
An enormous puppy; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that An enormous puppy
might be hungry, in which case An enormous puppy would be very likely to eat she up in
spite of all she coaxing.

Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
held a little bit of stick out to An enormous puppy ; whereupon An enormous puppy  jumped into the air off
all An enormous puppy feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass ,
and made believe to worry a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass; then she dodged behind a great thistle,
to keep she from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
other side, An enormous puppy  made another rush at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , and tumbled head
over heels in An enormous puppy hurry to get hold of a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass; then she, thinking it was
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under An enormous puppy feet, ran round a great thistle  again; then
An enormous puppy  began a series of short charges at a
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass , running a very
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
all the while, till at last An enormous puppy sat down a good way off, panting, with
An enormous puppy tongue hanging out of An enormous puppy mouth, and An enormous puppy great eyes half shut.

This seemed to she a good opportunity for making she escape; so she
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath,
and till the Rabbit  bark sounded quite faint in the distance.

"And yet what a dear little puppy the Rabbit was! said she, as she leant
against a buttercup to rest she, and fanned she with one of the
leaves: "she should have liked teaching the Rabbit tricks very much, if—if she’d
only been the right size to do teaching! Oh dear! she’d nearly forgotten that
she’ve got to grow up again! Let she see—how is it to be managed? she
suppose she ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?

the great
question   certainly was, what? she looked all round she at
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
There was a large mushroom growing near she, about the same height as
she; and when she had looked under a large mushroom, and on both sides of a large mushroom, and
behind a large mushroom, it occurred to she that she might as well look and see what
was on the top of a large mushroom.

she stretched she up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of a large mushroom, and she eyes immediately met those of a large blue
caterpillar           arms folded, quietly
smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of she or of
anything else.