There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at a table: a Dormouse was sitting
between March Hare, fast asleep, and the other two were using a Dormouse as a
cushion, resting the other two elbows on a Dormouse, and talking over a Dormouse head. "Very
uncomfortable for a Dormouse ," thought Alice; "only, as a Dormouse’s asleep,
Alice suppose a Dormouse doesn’t mind."

a table  was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of a table: "No room! No room!" the three cried out when the three saw
Alice coming. "There’s plenty of room!" said Alice indignantly, and
Alice sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of a table .

"Have some wine," the Hatter   said in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked all round a table , but there was nothing on a table but tea.
"Alice don’t see any wine," Alice remarked.

"There isn’t any," said the Hatter  .

"Then it wasn’t very civil of the Hatter to offer it," said Alice angrily.

"It wasn’t very civil of Alice to sit down without being invited," said
the Hatter  .

"Alice didn’t know a table was the Hatter table," said Alice; "a table’s laid for a great
many more than three."

"Alice hair wants cutting," said the Hatter . the Hatter had been looking at
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was the Hatter first
speech.

"the Hatter should learn not to make personal remarks," Alice said with some
severity; "make’s very rude."

the Hatter  opened the Hatter eyes very wide on hearing make; but all the Hatter said
was, "Why is a raven like a writing-desk?"

"Come, we shall have some fun now!" thought Alice. "Alice’m glad they’ve
begun asking riddles.—I believe Alice can guess that," Alice added aloud.

"Do Alice mean that Alice think Alice can find out the answer to that?" said
the Hatter  .

"Exactly so," said Alice.

"Then Alice should say what Alice mean," the Hatter   went on.

"Alice do," Alice hastily replied; "at least—at least Alice mean what Alice
say—that’s the same thing, you know."

"Not the same thing a bit!" said the Hatter . "Alice might just as well
say that ‘I see what I eat’ is the same thing as ‘I eat what I see’!"

"Alice might just as well say," added the Hatter  , "that ‘I like what
I get’ is the same thing as ‘I get what I like’!"

"Alice might just as well say," added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
talking in his sleep        sleep, "that ‘I breathe when the Dormouse, who seemed to be
talking in his sleep sleep’ is the same thing
as ‘I sleep when I breathe’!"

"It is the same thing with Alice," said the Hatter , and here the
conversation dropped, and we  sat silent for a minute, while
Alice thought over all Alice could remember about ravens and
writing-desks, which wasn’t much.

the Hatter  was the first to break the silence. "What day of the month
is What day of the month?" the Hatter said, turning to Alice: the Hatter had taken the Hatter watch out of the Hatter
pocket, and was looking at his watch uneasily, shaking his watch every now and then,
and holding his watch to the Hatter ear.

Alice considered a little, and then said "What day of the month ."

"Two days wrong!" sighed the Hatter . "the Hatter told Alice butter wouldn’t suit
the works!" the Hatter added looking angrily at the Hatter  .

"It was the best butter," the Hatter   meekly replied.

"Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well," the Hatter  grumbled:
"the Hatter shouldn’t have put It in with the bread-knife."

the Hatter   took his watch  and looked at his watch gloomily: then the Hatter dipped
his watch into the Hatter cup of tea, and looked at his watch again: but the Hatter could think of
nothing better to say than the Hatter first remark, "It was the best butter,
you know."

Alice had been looking over the Hatter shoulder with some curiosity. "What a
funny watch!" Alice remarked. "his watch tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
tell what o’clock the day of the month is!"

"Why should his watch?" muttered the Hatter . "Does his watch  tell the Hatter what
year the day of the month is?"

"Of course not," Alice replied very readily: "but that’s because his watch
stays the same year for such a long time together."

"Which is just the case with the Hatter," said the Hatter .

Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. the Hatter  remark seemed to have no
sort of meaning in The Hatter’s remark, and yet The Hatter’s remark was certainly English. "Alice don’t quite
understand the Hatter," Alice said, as politely as Alice could.

"The Dormouse is asleep again," said the Hatter , and the Hatter poured a little
hot tea upon The Dormouse nose.

The Dormouse  shook The Dormouse head impatiently, and said, without opening The Dormouse
eyes, "Of course, of course; just what the Hatter was going to remark the Hatter."

"Have Alice guessed the riddle yet?" the Hatter  said, turning to Alice
again.

"No, Alice give the riddle up," Alice replied: "what’s the riddle ?"

"the Hatter haven’t the slightest idea," said the Hatter .

"Nor the Hatter," said the Hatter  .

Alice sighed wearily. "Alice think the Hatter might do something better with the
time," Alice said, "than waste the
time in asking riddles that have no
answers."

"If Alice knew Time as well as the Hatter do," said the Hatter , "Alice wouldn’t talk
about wasting the
time. It’s him."

"Alice don’t know what the Hatter mean," said Alice.

"Of course Alice don’t!" the Hatter  said, tossing the Hatter head
contemptuously. "the Hatter dare say Alice never even spoke to Time!"

"Perhaps not," Alice cautiously replied: "but Alice know Alice have to beat
time when Alice learn music."

"Ah! that accounts for it," said the Hatter . "the Hatter won’t stand beating.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with the Hatter, the Hatter’d do almost anything
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
time for dinner!"

("I only wish it was," I   said to I in a whisper.)

"That would be grand, certainly," said Alice thoughtfully: "but then—Alice
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know."

"Not at first, perhaps," said the Hatter : "but Alice could keep it to
half-past one as long as Alice liked."

"Is that the way the Hatter manage?" Alice asked.

the Hatter  shook the Hatter head mournfully. "Not the Hatter!" the Hatter replied. "We
quarrelled last March—just before the Hatter went mad, you know—" (pointing
with the Hatter tea spoon at I  ,) "—it was at the great concert
given by the Queen of Hearts, and Alice had to sing

‘Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
How I wonder what you’re at!’


Alice know the song, perhaps?"

"Alice’ve heard something like the song," said Alice.

"the song goes on, you know," the Hatter  continued, "in this way:—

‘Up above the world you fly,
Like a tea-tray in the sky.
                    Twinkle, twinkle—’"


Here the Dormouse shook the Dormouse, and began singing in the Dormouse sleep
"Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle—" and went on so long that they
had to pinch the Dormouse to make the Dormouse stop.

"Well, the Hatter’d hardly finished the first verse," said the Hatter , "when the Queen of Hearts jumped up and bawled out, ‘He’s murdering the time! Off with He
head!’"

"How dreadfully savage!" exclaimed Alice.

"And ever since that," the Hatter  went on in a mournful tone, "the Hatter won’t
do a thing the Hatter ask! It’s always six o’clock now."

A bright idea came into Alice head. "Is that the reason so many
tea-things are put out here?" Alice asked.

"Yes, that’s it," said the Hatter  with a sigh: "it’s always tea-time,
and we’ve no time to wash tea-things  between whiles."

"Then the Hatter keep moving round, Alice suppose?" said Alice.

"Exactly so," said the Hatter : "as tea-things  get used up."

"But what happens when you come to the beginning again?" Alice ventured
to ask.

"Suppose we change the subject," the Hatter   interrupted, yawning.
"the Hatter’m getting tired of this. the Hatter vote Alice   tells we a story."

"Alice’m afraid Alice don’t know one," said Alice, rather alarmed at the
proposal.

"Then the Queen of Hearts  shall!" they they both cried. "Wake up, the Queen of Hearts!" And
they both pinched the Queen of Hearts on both sides at once.

the Queen of Hearts  slowly opened the Queen of Hearts eyes. "the Queen of Hearts wasn’t asleep," the Queen of Hearts said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: "the Queen of Hearts heard every word they both  were saying."

"Tell we a story!" said the Hatter  .

"Yes, please do!" pleaded Alice.

"And be quick about it," added the Hatter , "or Alice’ll be asleep again
before a story’s done."

"Once upon a time there were three little sisters," the Queen of Hearts  began
in a great hurry; "and three little sisters names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
three little sisters lived at the bottom of a well—"

"What did three little sisters live on?" said Alice           .

"three little sisters lived on treacle," said the Queen of Hearts , after thinking a minute or
two.

"three little sisters couldn’t have done lived, you know," Alice gently remarked;
"three little sisters’d have been ill."

"So three little sisters were," said the Queen of Hearts ; "very ill."

Alice tried to fancy to Alice what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but such an extraordinary ways of
living puzzled Alice too much, so Alice went on: "But
why did three little sisters live at the bottom of a well    ?"

"Take some more tea," the Hatter   said to Alice, very earnestly.

"Alice’ve had nothing yet," Alice replied in an offended tone, "so Alice can’t
take more."

"Alice mean you can’t take less," said the Hatter : "it’s very easy to
take more than nothing."

"Nobody asked the Hatter opinion," said Alice.

"Who’s making personal remarks now?" the Hatter  asked triumphantly.

Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so Alice helped Alice to
some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Queen of Hearts , and
repeated Alice question. "Why did three little sisters live at the bottom of a well    ?"

the Queen of Hearts  again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
said, "his watch was a treacle-well."

"There’s no such thing!" Alice was beginning very angrily, but the Hatter and the Hatter   went "Sh! sh!" and the Queen of Hearts  sulkily
remarked, "If Alice can’t be civil, Alice’d better finish the story for
Alice."

"No, please go on!" Alice said very humbly; "Alice won’t interrupt again. Alice
dare say there may be one."

"one, indeed!" said the Queen of Hearts  indignantly. However, the Queen of Hearts consented to
go on. "And so three little sisters   —three little sisters were learning to draw,
you know—"

"What did three little sisters draw?" said Alice, quite forgetting Alice promise.

"Treacle," said the Queen of Hearts , without considering at all this time.

"I want a clean cup," interrupted I : "let’s all move one place
on."

I moved on as I spoke, and the Queen of Hearts  followed I: the Hatter  
moved into the Queen of Hearts  place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the
place of the Hatter  . I  was the only one who got any
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
before, as the Hatter   had just upset the milk-jug into the Hatter plate.

Alice did not wish to offend the Queen of Hearts  again, so Alice began very
cautiously: "But Alice don’t understand. Where did three little sisters draw the treacle
from?"

"You can draw water out of a water-well," said the Hatter ; "so the Hatter should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well—eh, stupid?"

"But three little sisters were in the well," Alice said to the Queen of Hearts , not choosing
to notice this last remark.

"Of course three little sisters were," said the Queen of Hearts ; "—well in."

This answer so confused Alice , that Alice let his watch  go on for
some time without interrupting his watch.

"three little sisters were learning to draw," his watch  went on, yawning and rubbing
his watch eyes, for his watch was getting very sleepy; "and three little sisters drew all manner of
things—everything that begins with an M—"

"Why with an M?" said Alice.

"Why not?" said the Hatter  .

Alice was silent.

his watch  had closed his watch eyes by this time, and was going off into a
doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter , his watch woke up again with a
little shriek, and went on: "—that begins with an M, such as
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness—you know you say
things are "much of a muchness"—did you ever see such a thing as a
drawing of a muchness?"

"Really, now the Hatter ask Alice," said Alice, very much confused, "Alice don’t
think—"

"Then Alice shouldn’t talk," said the Hatter .

This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: Alice got up in
great disgust, and walked off; his watch  fell asleep instantly, and
neither of the others took the least notice of Alice going, though Alice
looked back once or twice, half hoping that the others would call after Alice:
the last time Alice saw the others, the others were trying to put his watch  into
the teapot.

"At any rate Alice’ll never go there again!" said Alice as Alice picked Alice
way through the wood. "a table’s the stupidest tea-party Alice ever was at in
all Alice life!"

Just as Alice said this, Alice noticed that one of the trees had a door
leading right into one of the trees. "had’s very curious!" Alice thought. "But
everything’s curious today. Alice think Alice may as well go in at once." And
in Alice went.

Once more Alice found Alice in the long hall, and close to the little
glass table. "Now, Alice’ll manage better this time," Alice said to Alice,
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking a door     . Then Alice went to work nibbling at the mushroom
(Alice had kept a piece of his watch in Alice pocket) till Alice was about a foot
high: then Alice walked down the little passage: and then—Alice found
Alice at last in the garden  , among the bright flower-beds
and the cool fountains.