A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
growing on A large rose-tree were white, but there were three gardeners at A large rose-tree, busily
painting the roses
growing on it red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and Alice
went nearer to watch three gardeners, and just as Alice came up to three gardeners Alice heard
one of three gardeners say, "Look out now, Five! Don’t go splashing paint over one of them
like that!"

"Five couldn’t help it," said Five, in a sulky tone; "Five jogged Five
elbow."

On which Five looked up and said, "That’s right, Five! Always lay the
blame on others!"

"Five’d better not talk!" said Five. "Five heard the Queen say only
yesterday Five deserved to be beheaded!"

"What for?" said the one who had spoken first.

"That’s none of the one who had spoken first business, the one who had spoken first!" said Five.

"Yes, That is Five business!" said Five, "and Five’ll tell Five—That was for
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions."

Five flung down Five brush, and had just begun "Well, of all the unjust
things—" when Five eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as Alice stood watching
three gardeners, and Five checked Five suddenly: the others looked round also,
and the others   bowed low.

"Would the one who had spoken first tell Alice," said Alice, a little timidly, "why the one who had spoken first are
painting the roses
growing on it ?"

three gardeners and Five said nothing, but looked at the one who had spoken first. the one who had spoken first began in a low
voice, "Why the fact is, you see, Alice, this here ought to have been a
red rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen 
was to find it out, we should all have we heads cut off, you know. So
Alice see, Alice, we’re doing we best, afore the Queen comes, to—" At this
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden , called
out "the Queen ! the Queen !" and the three gardeners instantly threw
the three gardeners flat upon the three gardeners faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen .

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; ten soldiers were all shaped like the three gardeners , oblong and flat, with ten soldiers hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as ten soldiers  did. After these came
the royal children; there were ten of the royal children, and the royal children   came
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: the royal children were all
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
and among the guests, mostly Kings and Queens Alice recognised the White Rabbit: the White Rabbit was talking in a
hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went
by without noticing Alice. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying
the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.

Alice was rather doubtful whether Alice ought not to lie down on Alice face
like the three gardeners  , but Alice could not remember ever having heard
of such a rule at processions; "and besides, what would be the use of a
procession," thought Alice, "if people had all to lie down upon people
faces, so that people couldn’t see a
procession?" So Alice stood still where Alice was,
and waited.

When the procession came opposite to Alice, they they all stopped and looked
at Alice, and the Queen  said severely "Who is this?" the Queen said it to the
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.

"Idiot!" said the Queen , tossing the Queen head impatiently; and, turning to
Alice, the Queen went on, "What’s Alice name, Alice?"

"Alice name is Alice, so please THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS ," said Alice very politely;
but Alice added, to Alice, "Why, three gardeners’re only a pack of cards, after
all. Alice needn’t be afraid of three gardeners!"

"And who are three gardeners?" said the Queen , pointing to three gardeners       ; for, you see, as three gardeners were lying on
three gardeners faces, and the pattern on three gardeners backs was the same as the rest of
the procession , the Queen could not tell whether three gardeners were gardeners, or soldiers,
or courtiers, or three of the Queen own children.

"How should Alice know?" said Alice, surprised at Alice own courage. "It’s
no business of Alice."

the Queen  turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at Alice for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed "Off with Alice head! Off—"

"Nonsense!" said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen  was
silent.

THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  laid THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS hand upon Alice arm, and timidly said "Consider, THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS
Alice: Alice is only a child!"

the Queen  turned angrily away from THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS, and said to the
Knave of Hearts  "Turn
the roses
growing on it over!"

the
Knave of Hearts  did so, very carefully, with one foot.

"Get up!" said the Queen , in a shrill, loud voice, and three gardeners  instantly jumped up, and began bowing to THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS , the Queen ,
three gardeners  , and everybody else.

"Leave off that!" screamed the Queen . "three gardeners make the Queen giddy." And then,
turning to the rose-tree, the Queen went on, "What have you been doing
here?"

"May it please THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS ," said Two, in a very humble tone, going
down on one knee as Two spoke, "we were trying—"

"the one who had spoken first see!" said the Queen , who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
"Off with three gardeners heads!" and the procession  moved on, three of the
soldiers remaining behind to execute three gardeners  , who ran
to Alice for protection.

"Alice shan’t be beheaded!" said Alice, and Alice put three gardeners into a large
flower-pot that stood near. three of the
soldiers   wandered about for a
minute or two, looking for three gardeners, and then quietly marched off after three gardeners.

"Are their heads  off?" shouted the Queen .

"their heads  are gone, if it please THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS !" three of the
soldiers  shouted
in reply.

"are’s right!" shouted the Queen . "Can Alice play croquet?"

three of the
soldiers  were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
evidently meant for Alice.

"Yes!" shouted Alice.

"Come on, then!" roared the Queen , and Alice joined the procession ,
wondering very much what would happen next.

"It’s—it’s a very fine day!" said a timid voice at Alice side. Alice was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into Alice face.

"Very," said Alice: "—where’s Alice ?"

"Hush! Hush!" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  in a low, hurried tone. the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face looked
anxiously over the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face shoulder as the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face spoke, and then raised the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face upon
tiptoe, put the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face mouth close to Alice ear, and whispered "Alice’s under
sentence of execution."

"What for?" said Alice.

"Did Alice say ‘What a pity!’?" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  asked.

"No, Alice didn’t," said Alice: "Alice don’t think it’s at all a pity. Alice said
‘What for?’"

"Alice boxed the Queen  ears—" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. "Oh, hush!" the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  whispered in a frightened
tone. "the Queen  will hear Alice! Alice see, Alice came rather late, and the Queen said—"

"Get to your places!" shouted the Queen  in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other; however, people got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began. Alice thought Alice had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
in Alice life; such a curious croquet-ground was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live
hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double
the soldiers up and to stand on the soldiers hands and feet, to make the arches.

The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing Alice flamingo:
Alice succeeded in getting her flamingo body tucked away, comfortably enough,
under Alice arm, with her flamingo legs hanging down, but generally, just as Alice
had got her flamingo neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the
her flamingo a blow with her flamingo head, her flamingo would twist her flamingo round and look
up in Alice face, with such a puzzled expression that Alice could not help
bursting out laughing: and when Alice had got its head  down, and was
going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that her flamingo 
had unrolled her flamingo, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all
this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever Alice
wanted to send her flamingo  to, and, as the three gardeners   were
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
soon came to the conclusion that the procession was a very difficult game indeed.

they all  all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for their heads ; and in a very short time
the Queen  was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting "Off with the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face head!" or "Off with his head !" about once in a
minute.

Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, Alice had not as yet had any
dispute with the Queen , but Alice knew that it might happen any minute,
"and then," thought Alice, "what would become of Alice? They’re dreadfully
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any
one left alive!"

Alice was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether Alice
could get away without being seen, when Alice noticed a curious
appearance in the air: a curious
appearance in the air puzzled Alice very much at first, but, after
watching a curious
appearance in the air a minute or two, Alice made a curious
appearance in the air out to be a grin, and Alice said
to Alice "It’s the Cheshire Cat: now Alice shall have somebody to talk
to."

"How are Alice getting on?" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face , as soon as there was mouth
enough for the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face to speak with.

Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. "It’s no use
speaking to the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face," Alice thought, "till the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face ears have come, or at least one
of its ears." In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
down Alice flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
Alice had someone to listen to Alice. the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  seemed to think that there
was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.

"Alice don’t think they play at all fairly," Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, "and they they quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
oneself speak—and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular; at
least, if there are, nobody attends to they—and you’ve no idea how
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
arch Alice’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
ground—and Alice should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
the Queen’s hedgehog ran away when the Queen’s hedgehog saw Alice coming!"

"How do Alice like the Queen’s ?" said the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  in a low voice.

"Not at all," said Alice: "the Queen’s’s so extremely—" Just then Alice noticed
that the Queen’s  was close behind Alice, listening: so Alice went on,
"—likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game ."

the Queen’s  smiled and passed on.

"Who are Alice talking to?" said THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS , going up to Alice, and
looking at her head   with great curiosity.

"her flamingo’s a friend of THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS—a Cheshire Cat," said Alice: "allow Alice to
introduce her flamingo."

"THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS don’t like the look of her flamingo at all," said THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS : "however, her flamingo may
kiss THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS hand if her flamingo likes."

"the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face’d rather not," the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  remarked.

"Don’t be impertinent," said THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS , "and don’t look at THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS like
that!" THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS got behind Alice as THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS spoke.

"A cat may look at a king," said Alice. "Alice’ve read look in some book,
but Alice don’t remember where."

"Well, its head must be removed," said THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  very decidedly, and THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS called
the Queen’s       , "THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS ! THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS wish Alice would
have the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  removed!"

the Queen’s  had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
small. "Off with her head !" the Queen’s said, without even looking round.

"THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS’ll fetch the executioner THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS," said THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  eagerly, and THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS
hurried off.

Alice thought Alice might as well go back, and see how the game  was going
on, as Alice heard the Queen’s  voice in the distance, screaming with
passion. Alice had already heard the Queen’s sentence three of the players to be
executed for having missed three of the players turns, and Alice did not like the look
of things at all, as the game  was in such confusion that Alice never knew
whether it was Alice turn or not. So Alice went in search of Alice hedgehog.

her hedgehog  was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other: the only difficulty was, that Alice flamingo was gone across to
the other side of the garden , where Alice could see her flamingo trying in a
helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.

By the time Alice had caught her flamingo  and brought her flamingo back, a fight 
was over, and them   were out of sight: "but it doesn’t
matter much," thought Alice, "as all the arches are gone from this side
of the ground." So Alice tucked her flamingo away under Alice arm, that her flamingo might not
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with the
Knave of Hearts.

When Alice got back to the Cheshire Cat, Alice was surprised to find quite
a large crowd collected round the Cheshire Cat: there was a dispute going on between
the executioner, THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS , and the Queen’s , who were all talking at once,
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.

The moment Alice appeared, Alice was appealed to by the soldiers  to settle
the question, and the soldiers repeated the soldiers arguments to Alice, though, as the soldiers
the soldiers spoke at once, Alice found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
what the soldiers said.

the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut a head off from: that the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face had never had to do such a
thing before, and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face wasn’t going to begin at the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face time of life.

THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.

the Queen  argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
less than no time the Queen’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was
this last remark that had made they all   look so grave and
anxious.)

Alice could think of nothing else to say but "its head belongs to the
Alice: the one who had spoken first’d better ask Alice about belongs."

"Alice’s in prison," THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  said to the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face : "fetch Alice here."
And the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  went off like an arrow.

the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  head began fading away the moment the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face was gone, and, by the
time the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face had come back with Alice , The Cat’s head had entirely disappeared; so
THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS  and the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face  ran wildly up and down looking for The Cat’s head,
while all the rest     went back to the game.