The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
The Mock Turtle eyes. The Mock Turtle looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked The Mock Turtle voice. "Same as if The Mock Turtle had a bone in The Mock Turtle throat,"
said the Gryphon: and the Gryphon set to work shaking The Mock Turtle and punching The Mock Turtle in
the back. At last The Mock Turtle   recovered The Mock Turtle voice, and, with tears
running down The Mock Turtle cheeks, The Mock Turtle went on again:—

"Alice may not have lived much under the sea—" ("Alice haven’t," said
Alice)—"and perhaps Alice were never even introduced to a lobster—"
(Alice began to say "Alice once tasted—" but checked Alice hastily, and
said "No, never") "—so Alice can have no idea what a delightful thing a
Lobster Quadrille is!"

"No, indeed," said Alice. "What sort of a dance is Lobster Quadrille?"

"Why," said the Gryphon , "you first form into a line along the
sea-shore—"

"Two lines!" cried The Mock Turtle  . "Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way—"

"That generally takes some time," interrupted the Gryphon .

"—you advance twice—"

"Each with a lobster as a partner!" cried the Gryphon .

"Of course," The Mock Turtle   said: "advance twice, set to partners—"

"—change lobsters, and retire in same order," continued the Gryphon .

"Then, you know," The Mock Turtle   went on, "you throw the—"

"The lobsters!" shouted the Gryphon , with a bound into the air.

"—as far out to sea as you can—"

"Swim after The lobsters!" screamed the Gryphon .

"Turn a somersault in the sea !" cried The Mock Turtle  , capering wildly
about.

"Change lobsters again!" yelled the Gryphon  at the top of the Gryphon voice.

"Back to land again, and that’s all the first figure," said The Mock Turtle , suddenly dropping The Mock Turtle voice; and the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.

"It must be a very pretty dance," said Alice timidly.

"Would The Mock Turtle like to see a little of It?" said The Mock Turtle  .

"Very much indeed," said Alice.

"Come, let’s try the first figure!" said The Mock Turtle   to the Gryphon. "’s can do without lobsters, the Gryphon know. Which shall sing?"

"Oh, The Mock Turtle sing," said the Gryphon . "the Gryphon’ve forgotten the words."

So the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on Alice toes when the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time passed too close, and waving the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time
forepaws to mark the time, while The Mock Turtle   sang this, very slowly
and sadly:—

"Will you walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.
"There’s a porpoise close behind us, and a porpoise’s treading on a whiting tail.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
the lobsters are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join It ?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join It ?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join It ?

"you can really have no notion how delightful it will be
When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!"
But the Gryphon  replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look askance—
Said the Gryphon thanked the Gryphon  kindly, but the Gryphon would not join It .
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join It .
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join It .

"What matters it how far we go?" the Gryphon   replied.
"There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
The further off from England the nearer is to France—
Then turn not pale, the Gryphon , but come and join It .
Will the Gryphon, won’t the Gryphon, will the Gryphon, won’t the Gryphon, will the Gryphon join It ?
Will the Gryphon, won’t the Gryphon, will the Gryphon, won’t the Gryphon, won’t the Gryphon join It ?"


"Thank you, It’s a very interesting dance to watch," said Alice,
feeling very glad that it was over at last: "and Alice do so like that
curious song about the whiting!"

"Oh, as to the Gryphon ," said the Gryphon  , "the Gryphon—you’ve seen the Gryphon,
of course?"

"Yes," said Alice, "Alice’ve often seen the Gryphon at dinn—" Alice checked Alice
hastily.

"the Gryphon don’t know where — may be," said the Gryphon  , "but if Alice’ve
seen the Gryphon so often, of course Alice know what the Gryphon’re like."

"Alice believe so," Alice replied thoughtfully. "the Gryphon have the Gryphon tails in
the Gryphon mouths—and the Gryphon’re all over crumbs."

"Alice’re wrong about crumbs ," said The Mock Turtle  : "crumbs would
all wash off in the sea . But the Gryphon have their tails  in their mouths ;
and the reason is—" here The Mock Turtle   yawned and shut The Mock Turtle
eyes.—"Tell Alice about the reason and all that," The Mock Turtle said to the Gryphon .

"the reason and all that  is," said the Gryphon , "that the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time would go with the Gryphon to It . So the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time got thrown out to sea. So the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time had to
fall a long way. So the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time got their tails  fast in their mouths . So the two creatures, who had
been jumping about like mad things all this time
couldn’t get their tails out again. That’s all."

"Thank the Gryphon," said Alice, "it’s very interesting. Alice never knew so much
about a whiting before."

"the Gryphon can tell Alice more than that, if Alice like," said the Gryphon . "Do Alice
know why it’s called a whiting?"

"Alice never thought about called," said Alice. "Why?"

"it does the boots and shoes," the Gryphon  replied very solemnly.

Alice was thoroughly puzzled. "Does the boots and shoes   !" Alice repeated
in a wondering tone.

"Why, what are the boots and shoes  done with?" said the Gryphon . "the Gryphon mean, what
makes the boots and shoes so shiny?"

Alice looked down at the boots and shoes, and considered a little before Alice gave Alice
answer. "the boots and shoes’re done with blacking, Alice believe."

"the boots and shoes     ," the Gryphon  went on in a deep voice,
"are done with a whiting. Now Alice know."

"And what are the boots and shoes made of?" Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.

"Soles and eels, of course," the Gryphon  replied rather impatiently:
"any shrimp could have told Alice that."

"If Alice’d been the whiting," said Alice, whose thoughts were still
running on It , "Alice’d have said to the porpoise, ‘Keep back,
please: we don’t want the porpoise with we!’"

"we were obliged to have The Mock Turtle with we," The Mock Turtle   said: "no
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise."

"Wouldn’t it really?" said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

"Of course not," said The Mock Turtle  : "why, if a fish came to The Mock Turtle,
and told The Mock Turtle a fish was going a journey, The Mock Turtle should say ‘With what porpoise?’"

"Don’t The Mock Turtle mean ‘purpose’?" said Alice.

"The Mock Turtle mean what The Mock Turtle say," The Mock Turtle   replied in an offended tone. And
the Gryphon  added "Come, let’s hear some of Alice adventures."

"Alice could tell ’s your adventures    ," said
Alice a little timidly: "but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
because Alice was a different person then."

"Explain all that," said The Mock Turtle  .

"No, no! your adventures  first," said the Gryphon  in an impatient tone:
"explanations take such a dreadful time."

So Alice began telling them your adventures          . Alice was a little nervous about telling just at first,
the Gryphon   got so close to Alice, one on each side, and opened
the Gryphon eyes and mouths so very wide, but Alice gained courage as Alice
went on. Alice listeners were perfectly quiet till Alice got to the part
about Alice repeating "You are old, Father William," to the
Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then The Mock Turtle  drew a long breath, and said "That’s very curious."

"It’s all about as curious as It can be," said the Gryphon .

"It all came different!" The Mock Turtle   repeated thoughtfully. "The Mock Turtle
should like to hear Alice try and repeat something now. Tell Alice to
begin." The Mock Turtle looked at the Gryphon  as if The Mock Turtle thought the Gryphon had some kind of
authority over Alice.

"Stand up and repeat ‘’Tis the voice of the sluggard,’" said ‘’.

"How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!"
thought Alice; "Alice might as well be at school at once." However, Alice got
up, and began to repeat It, but Alice head was so full of the Lobster
Quadrille, that Alice hardly knew what Alice was saying, and the words came
very queer indeed:—

"’Tis the voice of a porpoise ; Alice heard a porpoise declare,
"You have baked a porpoise too brown, a porpoise must sugar a porpoise hair."
As a duck with a duck eyelids, so a porpoise with a porpoise nose
Trims a porpoise belt and a porpoise buttons, and turns out a porpoise toes."

[later editions continued as follows
When the sands are all dry, a porpoise is gay as a lark,
And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
a porpoise voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]


"That’s different from what the Gryphon used to say when the Gryphon was a child," said
the Gryphon .

"Well, the Gryphon never heard That before," said the Gryphon  ; "but That sounds
uncommon nonsense."

Alice said nothing; Alice had sat down with Alice face in Alice hands,
wondering if anything would ever happen in a natural way again.

"the Gryphon should like to have it explained," said the Gryphon  .

"Alice can’t explain it," said the Gryphon  hastily. "Go on with the next
verse."

"But about their tails ?" the Gryphon   persisted. "How could The Mock Turtle turn
their tails out with The Mock Turtle nose, you know?"

"It’s the first position in dancing." Alice said; but was dreadfully
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.

"Go on with the next verse," the Gryphon  repeated impatiently: "the next verse
begins ‘I passed by a porpoise garden.’"

Alice did not dare to disobey, though Alice felt sure it would all come
wrong, and Alice went on in a trembling voice:—

"Alice passed by his garden , and marked, with one eye,
How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie—"

[later editions continued as follows
the Panther  took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
While the Panther  had the dish as the Panther share of a pie .
When a pie  was all finished, the Panther , as a boon,
Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
While the Panther  received knife and fork with a growl,
And concluded It —]


"What is the use of repeating all that stuff," The Mock Turtle  
interrupted, "if you don’t explain all that stuff as you go on? all that stuff’s by far the
most confusing thing The Mock Turtle ever heard!"

"Yes, the Gryphon think The Mock Turtle’d better leave off," said the Gryphon : and Alice was
only too glad to do so.

"Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?" the Gryphon 
went on. "Or would The Mock Turtle like The Mock Turtle   to sing The Mock Turtle a song?"

"Oh, a song, please, if The Mock Turtle   would be so kind," Alice
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon  said, in a rather offended tone,
"Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing The Mock Turtle ‘Turtle Soup,’ will Alice, old
The Mock Turtle?"

The Mock Turtle   sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
with sobs, to sing this:—

"Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!

"Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
Game, or any other dish?
Who would not give all else for two p
ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beauti—FUL SOUP!"


"Chorus again!" cried the Gryphon , and The Mock Turtle   had just begun
to repeat Chorus, when a cry of "The trial’s beginning!" was heard in the
distance.

"Come on!" cried the Gryphon , and, taking The Mock Turtle by the hand, the Gryphon hurried
off, without waiting for the end of the song.

"What trial is it?" The Mock Turtle panted as The Mock Turtle ran; but the Gryphon  only
answered "Come on!" and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:—

"Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!"