"Here!" cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
large Alice had grown in the last few minutes, and Alice jumped up in such
a hurry that Alice tipped over the jury-box with the edge of Alice skirt,
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
all the jurymen lay sprawling about, reminding Alice very much of a globe of
goldfish Alice had accidentally upset the week before.

"Oh, Alice beg your pardon!" Alice exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
began picking all the jurymen up again as quickly as Alice could, for the accident
of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before  kept running in Alice head, and Alice had a vague sort of
idea that all the jurymen must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or all the jurymen would die.

"The trial cannot proceed," said the King in a very grave voice, "until
all the jurymen   are back in all the jurymen proper places—all," the King repeated
with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as the King said so.

Alice looked at the jury-box , and saw that, in Alice haste, Alice had put
the Lizard in head downwards, and the Lizard    was waving the Lizard
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. Alice soon
got the Lizard out again, and put the Lizard right; "not that the Lizard signifies much," Alice
said to Alice; "Alice should think the Lizard would be quite as much use in The trial one way up as the other."

As soon as all the jurymen  had a little recovered from the shock of being
upset, and all the jurymen slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
all the jurymen, all the jurymen set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
anything but sit with the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
court         .

"What do Alice know about this business?" the King  said to Alice.

"Nothing," said Alice.

"Nothing whatever?" persisted the King .

"Nothing whatever," said Alice.

"That’s very important," the King  said, turning to all the jurymen . all the jurymen were
just beginning to write this down on all the jurymen slates, when the White
Rabbit interrupted: "Unimportant, your Majesty means, of course," the White
Rabbit
said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at the White
Rabbit as
the White
Rabbit spoke.

"Unimportant, of course, the White
Rabbit meant," the King  hastily said, and went on
to the King in an undertone,

"important—unimportant—unimportant—important—" as if the King were trying
which word sounded best.

Some of all the jurymen  wrote it down "important," and some "unimportant."
Alice could see this, as Alice was near enough to look over their slates ;
"but it doesn’t matter a bit," Alice thought to Alice.

At this moment the King , who had been for some time busily writing in
the King note-book, cackled out "Silence!" and read out from the King book, "Rule
Forty-two. All persons more than a mile high to leave the
court ."

Everybody looked at Alice.

"Alice’m not a mile high," said Alice.

"the White
Rabbit are," said the King .

"Nearly two miles high," added the King .

"Well, Alice shan’t go, at any rate," said Alice: "besides, "Rule
Forty-two’s not a
regular rule: the King invented "Rule
Forty-two just now."

""Rule
Forty-two’s the oldest rule in his book ," said the King .

"Then "Rule
Forty-two ought to be Number One," said Alice.

the King  turned pale, and shut the King  hastily. "Consider all the jurymen
verdict," the King said to all the jurymen , in a low, trembling voice.

"There’s more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty ," said the White
Rabbit , jumping up in a great hurry; "this paper has just been
picked up."

"What’s in this paper?" said the King .

"the White
Rabbit haven’t opened this paper yet," said the White
Rabbit  , "but this paper seems to be a
letter, written by the prisoner to—to somebody."

"It must have been that," said the King , "unless this paper was written to
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know."

"Who is this paper directed to?" said one of all the jurymen .

"this paper isn’t directed at all," said the White
Rabbit  ; "in fact, there’s
nothing written on the outside." the White
Rabbit unfolded this paper  as the White
Rabbit spoke,
and added "this paper isn’t a letter, after all: this paper’s a set of verses."

"Are a set of verses in the prisoner  handwriting?" asked another of all the jurymen .

"No, a set of verses’re not," said the White
Rabbit  , "and that’s the queerest
thing about it." (all the jurymen  all the jurymen looked puzzled.)

"the prisoner must have imitated somebody else’s hand," said the King . (all the jurymen all the jurymen brightened up again.)

"Please your Majesty ," said the White
Rabbit , "the White
Rabbit didn’t write "Rule
Forty-two, and they
can’t prove the White
Rabbit did: there’s no name signed at the end."

"If the White
Rabbit didn’t sign "Rule
Forty-two," said the King , "sign only makes the matter
worse. the White
Rabbit must have meant some mischief, or else the White
Rabbit’d have signed
the White
Rabbit name like an honest man."

There was a general clapping of hands at this: a general clapping of hands at this was the first really
clever thing the King  had said that day.

"a general clapping of hands at this proves the King guilt," said the King .

"a general clapping of hands at this proves nothing of the sort!" said Alice. "Why, you don’t even know
what a set of verses’re about!"

"Read a set of verses," said the King .

the Lizard   put on the Lizard spectacles. "Where shall the Lizard begin, please
your Majesty ?" the Lizard asked.

"Begin at the beginning," the King  said gravely, "and go on till you
come to the end: then stop."

These were the verses the Lizard   read:—

"They told Alice Alice had been to her,
    And mentioned Alice to your Majesty:
her gave Alice a good character,
    But said Alice could not swim.

your Majesty sent They word Alice had not gone
    (We know it to be true):
If her should push the matter on,
    What would become of Alice?

Alice gave her one, They gave your Majesty two,
    Alice gave us three or more;
three three returned from your Majesty to Alice,
    Though three were Alice before.

If Alice or she should chance to be
    Involved in this affair,
your Majesty trusts to Alice to set three free,
    Exactly as we were.

Alice notion was that Alice had been
    (Before the White
Rabbit had this fit)
An obstacle that came between
    your Majesty, and we, and it.

Don’t let your Majesty know the White
Rabbit liked them best,
    For this must ever be
A secret, kept from all the rest,
    Between Alice and Alice."


"this paper’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet," said the King, rubbing the King hands; "so now let all the jurymen —"

"If any one of all the jurymen can explain it," said Alice, (Alice had grown so
large in the last few minutes that Alice wasn’t a bit afraid of
interrupting the King,) "Alice’ll give the King sixpence. Alice don’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in it."

all the jurymen  all the jurymen wrote down on all the jurymen slates, "Alice doesn’t believe there’s
an atom of meaning in it," but none of all the jurymen attempted to explain the
it.

"If there’s no meaning in it," said the King , "’s saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet the King don’t
know," the King went on, spreading out the verses on the King knee, and looking at
the verses on his knee with one eye; "the King seem to see some meaning in three, after all.
"—said the King could not swim—" you can’t swim, can you?" the King added, turning
to the Knave.

the Knave  shook the Knave head sadly. "Do the Knave look like the Knave?" the Knave said. (Which the Knave
certainly did not, being made entirely of cardboard.)

"All right, so far," said the King , and the King went on muttering over the
verses to the King: "‘We know it to be true—’ that’s all the jurymen , of
course—‘I gave her one, all the jurymen gave your Majesty two—’ why, that must be what your Majesty
did with three , you know—"

"But, it goes on ‘three all returned from your Majesty to you,’" said Alice.

"Why, there three are!" said the King  triumphantly, pointing to three   . "Nothing can be clearer than that. Then
again—‘before her had this fit—’ her never had fits, her , Alice
think?" the King said to the White
Rabbit .

"Never!" said the King  furiously, throwing an inkstand at the prisoner 
as the King spoke. (the prisoner    had left off writing on the prisoner
slate with one finger, as the prisoner found his
slate made no mark; but the prisoner now hastily
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down the prisoner face, as long
as the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long
as it lasted lasted.)

"Then the words don’t fit the White
Rabbit," said the King , looking round the
court with a smile. There was a dead silence.

"It’s a pun!" the King  added in an offended tone, and everybody
laughed, "Let all the jurymen  consider all the jurymen verdict," the King  said, for
about the twentieth time that day.

"No, no!" said the King . "Sentence first—verdict afterwards."

"Stuff and nonsense!" said Alice loudly. "The idea of having the
sentence first!"

"Hold Alice tongue!" said the King , turning purple.

"Alice won’t!" said Alice.

"Off with Alice head!" the King  shouted at the top of the King voice. Nobody
moved.

"Who cares for the King?" said Alice, (Alice had grown to Alice full size by
this time.) "the King’re nothing but a pack of cards!"

At this a pack of cards   rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
Alice: Alice gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat a pack of cards off, and found Alice lying on the bank, with Alice
head in the lap of Alice sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her sister face.

"Wake up, Alice !" said her sister ; "Why, what a long sleep Alice’ve
had!"

"Oh, Alice’ve had such a curious dream!" said Alice, and Alice told Alice
her sister, as well as Alice could remember them, all these strange
Adventures of Alice that all the jurymen have just been reading about; and when Alice
had finished, her sister  kissed Alice, and said, "such a curious dream was a curious
dream, Alice, certainly: but now run in to Alice tea; it’s getting late."
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while Alice ran, as well Alice might,
what a wonderful dream it had been.


But her sister  sat still just as her sister left Alice, leaning her sister head on her sister
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of Alice  and all
Alice wonderful Adventures, till her sister too began dreaming after a fashion,
and this was her sister dream:—

First, her sister dreamed of little Alice her sister, and once again the tiny
hands were clasped upon her sister knee, and the bright eager eyes were
looking up into her sister—her sister could hear the very tones of her sister voice, and
see that queer little toss of her sister head to keep back the wandering hair
that would always get into her sister eyes—and still as her sister listened, or
seemed to listen, the whole place around her sister became alive with the
strange creatures of her sister   dream.

The long grass rustled at her sister feet as the White Rabbit hurried by—the
frightened Mouse splashed the
frightened Mouse way through the neighbouring pool—her sister
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and the March Hare friends
shared the March Hare never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the King 
ordering off the King unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby
was sneezing on her knee  , while plates and dishes crashed
around her knee—once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
Lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
Turtle.

So Alice sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed Alice in
Wonderland, though Alice knew Alice had but to open closed eyes again, and all
would change to dull reality—the grass would be only rustling in the
wind, and the neighbouring pool  rippling to the waving of the reeds—the rattling
the teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the King  shrill
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy—and the sneeze of the baby, the
shriek of the Gryphon , and all the other queer noises, would change
(Alice knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard—while the
lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the miserable Mock
Turtle  heavy sobs.

Lastly, Alice pictured to Alice how Alice     Alicewould, in the after-time, be Alice a grown woman; and how Alice would
keep, through all Alice riper years, the simple and loving heart of Alice
childhood: and how Alice would gather about Alice other little children,
and make her other little children eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,
perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how Alice
would feel with all her other little children simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all
her other little children simple joys, remembering Alice own child-life, and the happy summer
days.