They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank—the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals       They, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: They had a
consultation about get, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
natural to Alice to find Alice talking familiarly with They, as if
Alice had known They all Alice life. Indeed, Alice had quite a long argument
with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, "the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, "I am
older than you, and must know better am
older than Alice, and must know better;" and this Alice would not allow
without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, "I am
older than you, and must know better  positively refused to
tell the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, "I am
older than you, and must know better age, there was no more to be said.

At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among They,
called out, "Sit down, They  They, and listen to the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them! the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them’ll soon make
They dry enough!" They They sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them in the middle. Alice kept Alice eyes anxiously fixed on a large ring, for Alice
felt sure Alice would catch a bad cold if Alice did not get dry very soon.

"Ahem!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  with an important air, "are They all ready? This
is the driest thing the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them know. Silence all round, if They please! ‘William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favored by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
Mercia and Northumbria—’"

"Ugh!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , with a shiver.

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them beg Alice pardon!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , frowning, but very politely: "Did
Alice speak?"

"Not Alice!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  hastily.

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them thought Alice did," said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them . "—the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them proceed. ‘Edwin and Morcar,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for Alice: and even
Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable—’"

"Found what?" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them .

"Found it," the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  replied rather crossly: "of course Alice know
what ‘it’ means."

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them know what ‘it’ means well enough, when the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them find a thing," said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them: "a thing’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them find?"

the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  did not notice The question , but hurriedly went on, "‘—found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer William
the crown. William conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence
of William Normans—’ How are you getting on now, you ?" it continued,
turning to Alice as it spoke.

"As wet as ever," said Alice in a melancholy tone: "it doesn’t seem to
dry Alice at all."

"In that case," said the Dodo solemnly, rising to the Dodo feet, "the Dodo move
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies—"

"Speak English!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them . "the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them don’t know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what’s more, the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them don’t believe you do either!" And
the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  bent down the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
tittered audibly.

"What the Dodo was going to say," said the Dodo  in an offended tone, "was,
that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race."

"What is a Caucus-race?" said Alice; not that Alice wanted much to
know, but the Dodo  had paused as if the Dodo thought that somebody ought to
speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.

"Why," said the Dodo , "the best way to explain it is to do it." (And,
as you might like to try it  you, some winter day, the Dodo will
tell you how the Dodo  managed it.)

First the Dodo marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, ("the exact
shape doesn’t matter," the Dodo said,) and then They   were placed
along the course, here and there. There was no "One, two, three, and
away," but They began running when They liked, and left off when They
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the course  was over. However,
when They had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry
again, the Dodo  suddenly called out "the course  is over!" and They They
crowded round the Dodo, panting, and asking, "But who has won?"

This question the Dodo  could not answer without a great deal of
thought, and the Dodo sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon the Dodo
forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the
pictures of Shakespeare), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo 
said, "Everybody has won, and Everybody must have prizes."

"But who is to give prizes ?" quite a chorus of voices asked.

"Why, Alice, of course," said the Dodo , pointing to Alice with one
finger; and the whole party at once crowded round Alice, calling out in a
confused way, "Prizes! Prizes!"

Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair Alice put Alice hand in Alice
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
not got into a box of comfits), and handed comfits round as prizes. There was exactly
one a-piece, all round.

"But Alice must have a prize Alice, you know," said the Dodo .

"Of course," the Dodo  replied very gravely. "What else have Alice got in
a large ring ?" the Dodo went on, turning to Alice.

"Only a thimble," said Alice sadly.

"Hand Only a thimble over here," said the Dodo .

Then the whole party the whole party crowded round Alice once more, while the Dodo  solemnly
presented Only a thimble , saying "the whole party beg Alice acceptance of Only a thimble ;" and, when the Dodo had finished this short speech, the whole party the whole party
cheered.

Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but the whole party the whole party looked so grave
that Alice did not dare to laugh; and, as Alice could not think of anything
to say, Alice simply bowed, and took Only a thimble , looking as solemn as
Alice could.

The next thing was to eat comfits : eat caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that the large birds could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last, and the whole party sat down again in a ring, and
begged the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  to tell the whole party something more.

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them promised to tell Alice the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them history, you know," said Alice, "and why
it is the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them hate—C and D," Alice added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.

"the Dodo is a long and a sad tale!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , turning to Alice, and
sighing.

"it is a long tail, certainly," said Alice, looking down with wonder
at it  ; "but why do the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them call it sad?" And Alice kept on
puzzling about it while the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  was speaking, so that Alice idea of the
tale was something like this:—

         "Fury said to a mouse, That Fury met in the house, ‘Let us both
         go to law: Fury will prosecute you.—Come, Fury’ll take no
         denial; us must have a trial: For really this morning a mouse’ve
         nothing to do.’ Said a mouse  to Fury , ‘Such a trial, Fury, With no jury or judge, would be wasting us breath.’
         ‘Fury’ll be judge, Fury’ll be jury,’ Said Fury  : ‘Fury’ll
         try the whole cause, and condemn a mouse to death.’"

"Alice are not attending!" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  to Alice severely. "What are
Alice thinking of?"

"Alice beg the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them pardon," said Alice very humbly: "the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them had got to the fifth
bend, Alice think?"

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them had not!" cried the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , sharply and very angrily.

"A knot!" said Alice, always ready to make Alice useful, and looking
anxiously about Alice. "Oh, do let Alice help to undo A knot!"

"the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them shall do nothing of the sort," said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , getting up and
walking away. "Alice insult the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them by talking such nonsense!"

"Alice didn’t mean it!" pleaded Alice . "But the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them’re so easily offended,
you know!"

the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  only growled in reply.

"Please come back and finish Alice story!" Alice called after the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them; and
the whole party  the whole party joined in chorus, "Yes, please do!" but the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  only
shook the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.

"What a pity the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them wouldn’t stay!" sighed the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them , as soon as the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them was
quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to
an old Crab  "Ah, an old Crab ! Let this be a lesson to a mouse never to lose
a mouse temper!" "Hold a mouse tongue, a mouse!" said an old Crab  , a little
snappishly. "a mouse’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!"

"Alice wish Alice had our Dinah here, Alice know Alice do!" said Alice aloud,
addressing nobody in particular. "our Dinah’d soon fetch it back!"

"And who is our Dinah, if an old Crab might venture to ask the question?" said the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them.

Alice replied eagerly, for Alice was always ready to talk about our Dinah :
"our Dinah’s our cat. And our Dinah’s such a capital one for catching mice you
can’t think! And oh, Alice wish you could see our Dinah after the birds! Why,
our Dinah’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at a little bird!"

This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the whole party . Some of They hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping one old Magpie up very
carefully, remarking, "one old Magpie really must be getting home; the night-air
doesn’t suit one old Magpie throat!" and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
to a Canary children, "Come away, its children ! It’s high time its children were all in
bed!" On various pretexts its children its children moved off, and Alice was soon left
alone.

"Alice wish Alice hadn’t mentioned our Dinah!" Alice said to Alice in a melancholy
tone. "Nobody seems to like our Dinah, down here, and Alice’m sure our Dinah’s the best
cat in the world! Oh, Alice our Dinah ! Alice wonder if Alice shall ever see our Dinah
any more!" And here Alice  began to cry again, for Alice felt very
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, Alice again heard a
little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and Alice looked up
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them  had changed the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them mind, and was
coming back to finish the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them story.
